I went back (with my cold soups) They said they would have to make me another dish since they couldn't scrape off the unwanted ingredients.
the tables are in the back and the ambience was less to be desired.
I dined in the Main Dining Room which is surrounded by authentic Spanish decorations.
THE DECOR HAS BEEN UPDATED TO A FULL BLOWN RESTAURANT BUT THE QUALITY AND THE QUANTITY HASN'T CHANGED.
Heck even if they had awful service and atmosphere I would still come to this place for their dumplings, luckly that is not the case.
I had been to Blue Fin previously for drinks and appetizers and thought the atmosphere was very good (expecially for people watching).
The atmosphere was nice (tables were a bit too close together) and trendy, but waiters seemed rushed.
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
The atmosphere was really nice and inviting but our waiter was awful!
The decor is sparse and elegant, the service warm (though my waitress was occasionally difficult to find), and the sushi fresh.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
the atmosphere is trendy, i think it's better to come here for a drink rather than dinner.
The atmosphere was warm, sexy, and very romantic but the lighting wasn't good for reading the menu.
I just got back from dinner from this UES hotspot - it is like a home away from home - delicious meals and a salad dressing that sometimes they let me have a tiny container of for my lunch at work salads - the price/ atmosphere/ cocktails (FULL BAR!!!
The decor maybe great for young kids but as an adult this place was an horrible experiance, it didn't bring the kid in me.
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.
The service was not the greatest, but the place is huge and it has a nice setting.
I have to agree with the previous review that the atmosphere isn't much, but Mister Falafel can't be beat for quick, delicious, cheap takeout.
Charming atmosphere that seats probably no moroe than 35.
A hard-drinking, upscale crowd, holding conversations over loud Latin jazz music, packs the small, open dining room and attached bar.
The decor reminds me of Miami nightclubs, and we sat in a cool communal strip, where you share your table with people.
Good place for groups of four or large parties but it is not a cozy/intimate setting for 2 although the jazz helps!
We objected at the ill flavor of the drinks and the manager was not understanding at all.
18 has a cozy romantic atmosphere that's very comfortable to enjoy myself in; whether I want to have a drink at the bar or get together with a group of friends for dinner, suitable accomodations are available.
The limited number of toppings prevented the sogginess described by other reviewers and allowed the intense flavors from the fresh ingredients; sauce, mozarella, basil and black olives to really shine through, without being watered down from too many extra toppings.
I managed to get the last reservation at 11:15pm during the week, and, upon entering the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were seated next to each other, hardly a romantic atmosphere!
The ambiance is nice, but the wait staff was rude and unattentive.
If you like a cleaner (more generic) flavor then other places may provide the norm.
even if you have to wait for a spot at the bar to wait for your table, the music and design of the space create an ambiance that is simultaneously chic and comfortable - something extraordinarily difficult to find in this city.
In Short Despite the tacky Hellenic decor, replete with faux columns and signs of the zodiac carved into plaster walls, this Greek restaurant and bar bursts with authenticity when it comes to menu and atmosphere.
So when i walked in i was just blown away by the lighting, flowers, wood and iron work, a reservationist, and a full bar.
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.
This place is decent if you want to hang out with friends (who don't mind paying up) in a low-key atmosphere with good food, but don't mind putting up with sub-par level of service.
we had to wait at the bar for a table, but the atmosphere is bustling and is well worth it.
true I had to wait longer for my table, but the ambience and the food definitely made up for it.
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.
Decor is sort of homey, with mismatched tables and plates.
For example, the flavor in each dish didn't really stand out and the spanish rice seemed more like uncle ben's with peas and corn mixed in.
If you're dining solo, you will feel completely at ease in the cozy environs; in fact, you're likely to see at least one other solo diner hunched over a book, sipping a glass of Chianti.
Intrigued by the ambience of the restaurant, some friends and I decided to have dinner at Paladar on Saturday night.
Patrons are a mix of pre-theater and local regulars whose relaxed laughter and gesturing conversations add much to the restaurant's flavor.
I really like the decor and it made it feel like I was having drinks at a mansion.
The atmosphere is certainly unlike any other restaurant in all of Manhattan, but it is a pity that the food does not live up to the decor.
Comfort is decidedly not a factor in the Arturo's experience--once patrons escape the bottleneck near the bar, they're shoehorned into a miniscule dining room.
For a normal dinner, I prefer a place that has a bit more room and that has a slightly more relaxed vibe.
The ambience is horrible but the food is incredible.
The atmosphere was nice in the front room, but despite a reservation, we were relegated to the rear, where we were treated like stepchildren - we had to flag someone down to take our order, water with no ice, we had to ask for extras (as opposed to someone asking if we needed something else).
While the food was good enough (if old-fashioned - my meal tasted like it was out of a fancy 1950s cookbook, all creamy and rich) the environment was sort of bizarre - rich tapestries, yucky corner-grocer roses on the tables, and a strange '80s mirrored wall, which we sat against at the back of the restaurant.
i think that the second floor is better if you prefer a quieter environment for dinner.
But, quickly all would realize that most items on the menu are grease-laden, and the portions are so big that you'd get tired of the flavors before you finish half a plate.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
There was live music at the bar, which made our wait for a table wonderful (we didn't have reservations).
A few years ago I would have rated it much higher, but now - with other better choices such as Candle Cafe, Good Health Cafe and others, the dated menu, crowded atmosphere are spacey service is not the greatest choice.
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.
A very pretty setting to have a meal, but unfortunately the service and food don't match the atmosphere.
The service isn't spectacular and neither is the ambience, but on a lunch hour, all you're looking for is a satisfied stomach.
Great decor, expensive drinks but worth the price, but the music is bland and the crowd is very cheezy.
Great place to get a good fulfilling meal but do not go for ambience or service.
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.
Subtle decor, above average wine list and a menu with a difference.
Art and miscellany adorn the black-painted walls; strings of colored lights, disco balls and TVs are hung here and there; and on weekends a DJ fills the dining room with loud dance beats.
Had a few appetizers; smoked duck was served cold but good flavor, tofu was good/fresh too, nothing to rave about though.
Even at lunch, when lawyers and publishers flock in to wheel and deal over the justly-popular lunch buffet, the atmosphere remains serene.
Had a late-night dinner there on Friday, and while the decor is fabulous, we waited a long time for our check.
the decor isn't quite like Shun Lee but the service will definitely make up for any shortcoming.
Although we were seated quickly, ambiance was cozy, service was decent the overall menu selection and overall food taste and presentation was less to be desired!
The Food Mafrici's approach to modern Italian fare may seem gimmicky: The menu lists eight seasonal ingredients, each prepared as an appetizer, pasta and entree.
A friend and I went for dinner, the host was rude to us as we walked in, we stayed because the decor is charming and we wanted french food.
Not the best ambiance, but meat that'll make you drool.
Also lovely was the atmosphere; the high ceilings and spacious room make it a nice contrast from the other brunch mills on the upper west side.
Clams, shrimp, mussels, scungilli, and calamari served together in a spicy red sauce atop linguine are full of flavor; steak pizzaiola, a heroic portion of tender beef in a pool of garlicky marinara, comes with a side of spaghetti.
We did enjoy the recommended, yet simple $40 sangiovese, atmosphere and loosey-goosey service, but we were disappointed overall.
sashimi was meh, salmon was good but the tuna was a little white and seemed like the day before as the flavor had faded.
What the sparse space lacks in decor it makes up for in atmosphere.
Because our daughters weren't sure what to order, and were a little intimidated at the surroundings (notwithstanding the beautiful simplicity of the decor), they ordered only appetizers while their fathers ordered dinner.
this has become one of my favorite spots to hang out at the bar and drink martinis, not only because the atmosphere is energetic and lively, but also becasue the staff are so friendly.
Ignoring the plain decor, Jo-An is one of the best options for cheap japanese food on the Upper West Side.
Same quality for 1/3 the price and a realistic atmosphere.
The decor was pleasant, but the tables were way too much crowded for a restaurant of this presumptive caliber.
Food is fine but unremarkable, atmosphere is very noisy, especially for a date, and our waiter looked like he had never seen us before when we reminded him that we had ordered a second round of drinks 20 minutes earlier.
Ones experience is truly dampened by having to trundle up lifts and escalators, further on arrival at the restaurant we found the actual dining room to be slightly sterile and lacking in atmosphere.
This is the perfect place to come with a group from work, people from out of town, or just to have a drink at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere.
Went here with my husband on a Saturday night for dinner since the place looked like it had great atmosphere.
Highly suggest you sit at the bar for added atmosphere and generally friendly people.
The service and atmosphere may not set your mood but when you're done you will realize that it's only the food that counts!
atmosphere is not that relaxing, if you go - you MUST bring a cell phone and go down the street for a drink.
I felt that the meat had little flavor(ribs and chicken) and as result I had to use A ALOT of their bbq sauce (which is good) and the ribs were not falling of the bone.
The decor in the dinin room is a bit bland, but the service is always friendly.
Don't let the decor fool you because you will miss out in some of the best food you ever eaten.
We actually enjoy eating there earlier for lunch definatly a more relaxed atmosphere.
Interesting crowd for people watching - old school Italian music cranking - friendly Italian waitress brought us our wine garlic bread in no time.
The place is full of flavor and color and the music just puts you in the mood for food and drinks.
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.
we had dinner at becco on a friday night, and were seated in the left bar area, which while pretty crowded, had a manageable noise level.
Don't go if you want a serene environment to go with your sushi.
It's in a less travelled spot on 3rd, but the intimate setting is great and romantic.
the place has an awesome decore, with fish swiming below certain tables.
The atmosphere couldn't be better, and the service was outstanding -- at the time there were only two people working the entire bar, and we still got taken care of like it was a five star restaurant.
The atmosphere is perfect, whether sitting down for dinner or just having a drink at the bar and engaging the friendly bartenders in converasation.
This is the kind of place that is suppose to have pushy waiters and a loud atmosphere.
Nice decor poor food poor service.
Atmosphere, I'd give to Rosa or Maya, but Mexican fare at Zarela is tops.
The atmosphere's a bit grungy, yes, but the music and the coffee are good.
If you want a quiet dinner don't show up late, cuz the atmosphere gets louder and more loungy as the nite goes on.
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.
You may as well just extend the bar into the restaurant since it has already penetrated it with loud music, loud voices, and a remarkable amount of cigarette smoke.
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.
I tried several dishes, while at dinner with friends, and was amazed to discover that even their Caesar Salad was completely lacking in flavor.
The basil pepper mojito was a little daunting in concept, but I was refreshed at the flavor.
The atmosphere of the place is nice as well as the location, but I found food mediocre and too expensive for the quality offered.
Very pleasant atmosphere, not a quiet romantic dinner.
The veal was nice and tender, but the flavors weren't exciting.
Noise level is high, and if you are a non smoker ask to be seated away from the bar.
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.
The environment is a touch loud (although the music's good), but the walls sport nifty vintage items, from license plates to pennants to movie posters.
The two cons were the lack of information on the menus (they had just sushi roll names, with no description of their contents, printed in a bland format), and music selection, which didn't fit the ambiance.
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.
I went here for a dinner with some relatives from out of town that I was eager to catch up with, but the noise level at this place made that really difficult!
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.
Taci then moved to NYU, to a space as warm as an igloo, with an equally cold atmosphere, an attempt at a more upscale menu, and with all the charm of a pizza joint.
and although the service is a little slow, the lax atmosphere allows you to drink and eat away the afternoon or evening and not even care.
We sat in the garden out back, and the calm atmosphere with the waterfall rock wall on the side completed the setting.
While the environment is still fun and diverse, the food quality has been sliding lately.
Good atmosphere, the service is so-so and there is a long wait if you don't have reservations.
I would say it's suitable for a romantic date or quiet family meal, as there is no bar so the atmosphere is a little quiet.
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.
Not the most beautiful environment, but the food is consistently delicious and the barbeque is fun and tasty.
The entertainment is awesome - and believe it or not, I was so impressed with one of their musicians/singers (named Alessandro) that I even had him play during my cocktail hour.
Dim, candlelit dining room is accented by a funky star pointed bar and multi-colored ceiling lamps, with trendy upbeat music in the background.
The decor isn't the best and the place is very modest, but if you're around Ditmars Blvd.
The only apparent flavor in any of the dishes was heat, and a table of four gourmands left at least half of our meals on our plates.
Not the best ambience and the service is sometimes just mediocre, but the quality of the food is incredible.
The Scene The consistent lines at this bustling Japanese tapas hot spot don't lie: Yokocho's fresh, reasonably priced comfort food and social atmosphere draw a youthful clientele of cultural natives and gaijin alike.
The Food There's no need to slump into a well-known comfort zone of teriyaki and udon.
Overall, I would rather go to a chain coffee house up the street for the same priced coffee, but a much more relaxing atmosphere, and no one forgetting my order.
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.
The pizza is baked in a wood burning oven and the flavor is fantastic.
The Scene Cooing couples find some formality and open air up in the front room, while the subterranean back area offers hunkered-down seating for loungier dining.
same atmosphere but food was better before years ago- octopus was like chewing a rubber tire- dumplings tasted artificial.
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.
Forget about the staff and go for the food and pleasant, if a bit cramped Lancaster, Pennsylvania like decor for comfort.
The food is just ok, not really memorable and not what you expect for the price but I guess the atmosphere is what you pay for.
I'm totally into the space-age vibe of this place, but I wish they had more tables to sit down at.
We waited at the bar for only 10 minutes (we had a reservation) - can't complain about that, the restaurant was full and I enjoyed the lively atmosphere and music.
The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.
Granted we were just the girls, but this would also be a great date spot b/c the ambiance is chic and bustling yet you can also hear the conversation at your own table rather than a loud din or worse, someone else's conversation.
In the front bar, boisterous neighbors and friends share bottles of wine; the large dining room, with its lovely painted ceiling and oversized portrait of a portly chef, is the destination for serious eating.
Comfort standbys--including bacon-wrapped meat loaf and barbecued ribs, and upscaled interpretations--like tuna club made with wasabi mayo, share space with brunch favorites (Belgian waffles, fluffy buttermilk pancakes and wrecked eggs, or tofu).
I ordered dessert and it was they gave me the wrong flavor of ice cream.
The Scene You won't blink twice at the restaurant's spartan decor: As the packed crowds and critics' praises wallpapering the front wall agree, this longtime local favorite is truly one of the area's most exquisite finds.
At least the entertainment was free, as we were able to witness one customer wooing a waitress, and another being drenched in milk.
Meat wasn't fall-off-the bone (a sign of over-cooking) but was tender and had deep flavor.
I thought the bar was fair in terms of decor, but how long do you have wait at the bar before a bartender with an attitude (he wasn't rude, but not friendly) makes you an awful drink, but food was delightful and music light and tasty as well.
maybe its the cost of top ingredients but 17.
The restaurant has a somewhat unique decor, with portrait of the owner meditating and books about meditation.
The Crystal Ballroom was closed for a private party, so we couldn't even enjoy the decor.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
In addition, they lack basic ammenities like a toaster, and the decor was shabby, at best.
The ambience is extremely romantic, even if you get seated upstairs.
It still took a little while to get our drinks and food - But the atmosphere made up for it.
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.
the atmosphere is that of a diner, but if you get a booth that is the best!
Basically the comfort is lacking but the food is the focus.
The bar area got a little too crowded but the ambiance was great.
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.
The atmosphere is still to die for, but the wine list has so clearly been pared down and marked up (as a result of higher foot traffic brought in by lots of rave reviews in local publications, perhaps?
Not only is it the nicest atmosphere with an antique bar and allabaster globes sconces, marble fireplace.
The Scene Honeycomb-colored walls, random wall art, a peek into the kitchen from paper-topped tables--all combine for a casual, thrown-together ambience.
The music is a little bit louder, but the food is excellent.
It's sad that everything about this place was great (even the service and decor) except for the steak.
The mole sauce is not too sweet and adds a nice flavor to the otherwise bland chicken.
went here w/ great expectations and was greatly disappointed; the food was good, not great and vastly overpriced- one salad, two pasta dishes, two demi-carafes of red wine- $100 (tax and tip); rediculous; orechiette came w/ so little brocoli rape that it did not have its characteristic flavor; and it is very very loud.
Two Tom's food is excellent, it more than makes up for the lack of decor.
Yes, this place is good, a cut above some of the other local diner food and a nice, friendly atmosphere.
Nice ambience and bar while waiting for a table.
Overall, the food makes up for what is missing in the ambience and service.
However the casual atmosphere comes in handy if you want a good place to drop in and get food.
Desserts were visually inventive but lacking in flavor.
Unfortunately the food and the service don't live up to the spectacular setting.
I liked the overall setting A LOT and it was only improved by the fact that our waiter was pleasant and attentive even though we only ordered entrees (no drinks, no appetizers, no coffee).
It is a nice diner atmosphere, they have booths all around and a couple of middle tables.
Overall,it's a good place to have dinner and hang out if you do not mind waiting for food,weird music and rude manager.
The strong suit of this place is the decor, alas we was seated and served by some guy who looked like he was out of a seedy 70's porn movie and everything went downhill after.
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!
The ambience is cool, and the cocktails might be worth coming by, but head somewhere else for dinner.
Dishes feature intriguing names, and interesting combinations of fresh ingredients.
What it lacks in decor it more than makes up in the cuisine.
The decor was mediocre and honestly, I can get a better brunch at a Cracker Barrel restaurant.
(try the Queso Fundido and fire) Upstairs there is a dining room which is decorated with brightly colored mexican theme.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
The store has a great atmosphere amd amazing staff who are always there to help if its a cup of coffee or a nice chat.
The only drawback was slow service, but the food and ambience are so nice that your wait is A) pleasant and B) worth it.
I went on a saturday and the atmosphere was no more exciting than eating dinner at home.
the place had open doors and windows and a very relaxed, candle-lit type of atmosphere.
If you're not looking for a pretentious atmosphere and a restaurant that serves the best steak you've ever eaten.
Upon entering Alta the bar and restaurant decor ironically misguide the patron.
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
Although I usually go out mid-week for lunch, I now make it a habit to stop out Thursday or Friday evening to enjoy the live Jazz band.
Too bad the food and service aren't nearly as nice as the decor.
The ambience was all wrong, the bar opened into the main dining room causing the noise to flow into the room.
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.
Music was blasting (speakers located practically on top of every table), and we asked the waitress if they can turn it down.
Patrons can choose to be seated in the front room with a little more activity and more of a bar feel or in one of the 2 back rooms which both offer slightly quieter, more relaxed environments.
the best thing is the atmosphere, but even that is overshadowed by the lack of taste and originality in the food.
I like how the ambiance changes from the cafeteria style of lunch to a sit down dinner in romantic lighting.
I would say that the atmosphere was nothing amazing, I didn't feel like the authenticity of the history of the place was nearly as prevelant as it could have been in the experience.
An unpretentious sexy atmosphere lends itself to the above average wine-list and a menu that can stand-up to any other restaurant in NewYork City (or Paris).
The decor there is nothing special, though somehow the service manages to deal with the large crowds in an efficient, friendly manner.
Get some drinks and listen to the free live music.
The ambience is diner-like and the wait staff is rushed, but at these prices, I can't complain.
I lived next door and loved to go down for a drink at their uplit marble bar under the beautiful lighting or sit by the fireplace when the live band is not playing.
Most of the food has a vinegary flavor (I think because of the injera).
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.
I think they just tried to get a little too creative with the menu and actually ended up losing flavor in some of the dishes.
They were playing top 40 music the day I went which just didn't work with the whole theme, but they had the trippy sci-fi music playing in the bathroom, so it was almost right.
Come-as-you-are atmosphere, jukebox, value and James behind the bar work as a magnet.
Management had always been rude, but without the great staff as a buffer, Jesse's is just another pubby place with poor decor and average food.
Having just returned from Bourbon Street, I thought I had experienced the steepest drink prices in the US, but this is worse than N'awlins, where at least the expensive drinks cover wonderful live music.
The atmosphere is bland and non-descript and the service is fine.
The atmosphere is fun -- dark, pulsing, basement room; a place where you feel like you can relax.
The Scene There are two distinct personalities to the place: The loud, seemingly always-crowded bar with hanging paper decorations and dim lighting, and the two main dining areas, where the noise level and decor is notably more subdued.
Although the decor is lovely as usual, service has detiorated.
But it's the ambience that is the draw for me---sipping red wine and sitting under the red awning on a warm night.
They may love the wacky/tacky decore, the overly gracious host, Gus, and his staff, the loads of freebies (oranges, cookies, lollies and wet naps), but the food is just mediocre.
Decor is old, but the bathrooms are clean and updated.
Atmosphere in the formal room was nice, but the informal dining room was extremely loud which ultimately made the formal room louder than my perference.
Additionally the bar upstairs is picturesque and spacious, even though the techno music is horrible.
on the food-front while adding just enough of a civilized atmosphere where you won't worry about either your neighbor or the wait staff biting off one of your fingers.
I love the decor but would not recommend sitting in the communal tables unless its a very big group, much more fun getting a table and people watch while you chomp on your $20 palm sized truffle pizza.
It's too loud and the cheesiest music is played throughout the meal.
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average.
I've been here twice for brunch, and I found the ambience and food to be much better than the overly-hyped Kitchenette next door.
The food was good, the service was fine, and the place has a lot of visual atmosphere, but I would not go back unless I was stuck eating with someone I didn't want to listen to.
Nice decor - but the place is so crowded and noisy you can't enjoy it.
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.
I mean no disrespect to the owner, just constructive criticism - improve the decor and dine-in service, but DON'T change the portions or the recipes.
Recommended to those who want to try a different setting for a diner.
it is too bad because the food, ambiance, and drinks were great but they need serious help on the service.
Come in the evening, sip a glass of wine, or two, and enjoy the great live jazz along with your dinner.
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.
Start by enjoying the atmosphere while having a glass of wine at the bar and we you are ready, go and enjoy your food!
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.
Super friendly neighboorhood atmosphere where even a lady can go alone and have a drink and feel comfortable.
SQC is great in the evening, the light is excellent and it's perfect to sit at the bar, eat oysters on the half shell and have a glass of wine.
Although the atmosphere was lacking, I could definitely recommend a trip to Esca for the fish alone!
The Scene North Square's discreet, sedate decor appeals to the largley older crowd occupying the dining room whilst a younger set parties in the back bar.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
About 10 of us came here for drinks last friday, the atmosphere was good for chatting and hanging out, but not enough lounge or bar space, they should open up the back area w/ more loungable chairs or booths if they want to catch any after dinner sort of bar crowd.
The atmosphere was fun and if you sit by the window, there is a lot of people-watching to be had!
At dinner on a Saturday night, I was enthused by the bustling, unpretentious crowd and the lusciously warm lighting.
And the ambience is very cool, stop by on a Saturday afternoon and you can play some old school games while having a beer.
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.
I left feeling unsatisfied, except for having a nice chance to people watch in the cozy atmosphere with my over-priced pasta bolognese.
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.
I don't have much to say about the cafe itself; you can order out from the family-run cafe in the front, or take a seat in the back, which opens up to the outdoors and can offer a less seedy and more homey atmosphere.
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.
The noise level is equivalent to a sports bar.
I had to wait 1hr since I got there around 8pm but you could have a few drinks by the bar since the ambiance is very loungy/ club like.
The atmosphere was embracing and enticing and the costs of the meal, $45 to $55 in value.
Once dinner ended the party really started going inside they were playing great music.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
Zero decor, this is not a date place--just a great place to get a quick, tasty and cheap meal.
The place has a sort of trendy pseudo-asian decor that seems perfectly casual or romantic.
The Food Chef-owner Tom Valenti's food makes just as much noise; he cooks in a masculine, big-flavored, meat-and-potatoes style, rich with terrines, mustards, eggs and bitter greens.
Don't let the ambiance of this place fool you, the food is far better than many pricey establishments.
Noisy atmosphere makes the place even more fun, though it may become hard to get in after 5PM on Friday- almost every table would be reserved.
My friends and I had a great time - the atmosphere was exciting but didn't encroach on us while we had our meal and drinks (which is better, the kiwitini or the watermelon martini?)
The ambiance and service is great but I wish I could say the same about the food.
Fantastic flavor, but certainly not worth the high price of the small glass.
I ordered the flounder special - the fish was fresh but the dish lacked flavor.
ambience and decoration was nice but for a check of $330 for 5 for brunch and with just average food.
This place basically has the same menu as Penang but everything is cheaper, including the atmosphere.
Nothing too special about the location or the atmosphere, but DAMN, the pizza is good.
The waiters are sometimes grouchy and the decor doesn't change, but the food is always delicious and satisfying.
from the white sheets that hang when you come into the restaurant, to the gorgeous marble communal table in the center of the bottom floor, to the great atmosphere upstairs at the bar.
The ambience is simple, yet elegant and be sure to finish your meal with their famous shlog.
The decor is a little plain and the seating is a touch too close but its worth it for the food.
The atmosphere is nice - it's all dark wood with the bar in the front.
The food at Forest Hills was great, the service more than perfect, but but the ambience was too hot they do not have AC and the employes was sweating a lot , it was a nasty esxperience because I eat in front of the service that was sweating like animals.
There was a nice atmosphere except for the few pompous patrons who looked way too gaudy or a lunch time meal, but overall its a great place to eat.
The service was good, if a little slow, and the place was very crowded (which can be comforting, but on a date it may be hard with the constant noise).
Fun atmosphere, good beer selection, but meals were skimpy portions on big plates and the service was weak - never had the same server/waitperson come back twice.
Cute decor, but rather small so the dining room can get very smoky if the bar is crowded.
Even though the food was prepared nicely, it was definitely lacking flavor.
They draw you in with a fancy looking decore which obviously cost a mint, ply you with overpriced wines (one bottle I knew was a 6$and they had the nerve to charge 40) This place sufferes from the same problem Areos does, it rests on its reputation.
Basically, all the food on the menu is a half-ass'd attempt at vietnamese food, followed by a innappropriate heap of MSG to make up for the lack of any flavor.
Very cheesy wanna be romantic decor and entertainment, but have some vodka and you want to come right out onto the dance floor and dance the night away to a mix of really bad russian and american disco music.
after dinner we went downstairs atmosphere was completely different , nice crowd , we stayed there more time than expected.
Flavors range from standards to hard-to-find Italian options, like tiramisu, hazelnut and zuppa inglese.
The decor is worth a mention, with plush seating areas that range from bar stools to table/chair combos to full sofa areas.
Although the wait staff was friendly, the atmosphere was not.
The wine list is good, and overall it is not too expensive, though, and the atmosphere is very dark and brick-covered, much like any damp basement.
While the service and setting were average, the food was excellent.
The food is decent, average bistro food, the decor is nice, but the service is poor, the waiters always seems to have to many tables andcant keep up with a good services.
Although the prices are kind of high for lunch the atmosphere is nice.
The atmosphere could be considered amiable, if you possess roguish frat-boy nostalgia.
The food was simple but exploded with flavor and the presentation was as if it was out of a cook book.
The Sushi was of the highest caliber, the cut as if a master samurai marks smith was behind the bar, and service, just what you would expect from a fine dining establishment, New York style.
I will be back not only because the price was so unbelievable but the atmosphere was just plain COOL and the food was spectacular.
Appetizers and entrees were merely adequate, but you can't beat the pool room for atmosphere.
This place is so very nearly achieving, but in the mean time, my advice - eat early elsewhere, then take your seat, order a bottle of wine and enjoy the performance and the ambience.
It is now nothing but an overpriced establishment that is shamelessly riding on the coat tails of its past.
The atmosphere was wonderful, however the service and food were not.
The piano guy isn't there all the time, but when he is it's a great addition to the meal.
Oh, and kudos to the hostess who appeared out of thin air with extra napkins just moments after a glass of water was knocked over - she's upping the bar on service here.
The noise here is so bad that people entered and left without ordering and they lowered the lights during the dinner.
Sure, the burgers are good, but not good enough to make up for the abominable service and disgusting, filthy atmosphere.
I went here all 4 years that I lived in the area, and being a not-so-loaded student, it was a great place to go for some good sushi and a very pleasant comforting atmosphere.
Odd, traditional and clashing decor will only detract from your experience if the square box layout or perma-draft through the pane glass door doesn't get you first.
We went to the Sunday brunch, and were pleasantly surprised to find a jazz combo there.
I came to celebrate finishing my third year of med school and was greatly disappointed by the way I was treated at the door (rude and terse), the food (mediocre), and the ambiance (very loud, crowded, and uncomfortable close to our neighbors despite the large room).
the decor could be a bit better, and if there was a small bar the overall atmosphere would be a bit more inviting (especially for regulars).
You're not going there for the decor you're going there for the best freeking pizza on the face of this earth and I garuntee you Dom delivers big time!
Costs could be better - expect to be upsold by the hovering wait staff - and come for the authentic tastes, not the interior decor (looked a littel like Cheers!
True, the ambiance is something out of Goodfellas, but it the food and waiters are out of this world!
It took us about 30 minutes to get seated, the burgers came without lettuce, they brougt us the wrong drinks, and the flavor of the burgers were below average.
great decor, unfortunately the worst service possible.
The Scene This vintage Cuban diner, with white acrylic tables, soft Spanish music humming pleasantly in the background and regulars casually hugging the counter, serves some of the cheapest, tastiest fare in the area.
The decor has not quite made the transition--some really nice artifacts are still there, but there are several layers of different remodeling efforts visible.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The ambience is stunning and the food is really good, but the portions are RIDICULOUSLY small.
The decor is nothing great to speak of, but who cares - the food is top notch.
As the night rolls on the place turns into a bar/lounge so the wait staff is constantly rushing you to eat up and move out, not the kind of atmosphere you want for the price you are paying for your entree.
who seemed honestly offended that we asked why our table was 45 minutes late; a cold cafeteria room that was clearly designed to intimidate; and haute chinese food that was over-salted to make up for the lack of flavor.
The atmosphere is warmly dim and inviting - if you make a reservation, ask for a corner both for extra coziness!
I must admit that when my friend said we were going to Astoria for dinner, I expected a diner sytle restaurant, where the decor, food and service would not suffice.
The red sauce had no flavor, the cheese lacked that fresh quality cheese taste you expect from a well-known pizzaria, and the slice overall was really dry.
The overpriced food that's supposed to come off as homestyle diner just doesn't work when the atmosphere is supposed to be super cool but the food is super bland.
As a chef I really appreciated the well executed dishes that were full of crisp and vibrant flavor contrast acting in harmony and perfect balance.
The ambience isn't great but the food is so tasty and so reasonably priced that it's definitely a fun date place if you want to get a bunch of stuff and sample.
Despite a lovely atmosphere, this was perhaps the worst dining experience I've had in New York.
The decor and the service definitely is not the greatest, but I can overlook those things since their food is just so damn good.
the trendy atmosphere and high price fooled me into thinking that somehow the food would be innovative.
It might be the best sit down food I've had in the area, so if you are going to the upright citizen brigade, or the garden, it could be just the place for you.
I had to ask for bread for the table (several times).
I found that the food variety was great, and the waitress was very accommodating to my vegan boyfriend describing all items' ingredients and how you may request more of what YOU like, creating a unique experience.
Came recommended to us, but we found the food to be so-so, the service good, but we were told we could not order desert since the table we were at had a reservation waiting.
worst margaritas in town,if you are going to order a battle of (white wine)they served hot.
Although the service can be a bit brusque at times, the food is always good, hearty and hot.
The Food Despite a menu that seems larger than the restaurant, great care goes into the preparation of every dish.
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.
We started with the guacamole and this is by far the best I've ever had bar none.
If you eat here, just keep in mind that the specials are much higher than the regular menu when ordering.
While service is still ok, the food has been not up to par on my last few visits.
The food at Cafe Asean is to die for, and the prices are unmatchable.
It also has great ice cream and spumoni ices.
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.
The Food Regulars swear by the tamales, which are spongy, well-seasoned and pulled from steaming crocks on the counter.
They expanded the seating with a cozy new back section, added some great new dishes (I had the most fantastic j erk Shrimp and exciting maize crusted salmon) but kept everything that was good (amazing staff and Mac Jack!)
Heck even if they had awful service and atmosphere I would still come to this place for their dumplings, luckly that is not the case.
The menu features classic French bistro fare, like steamed mussels with French fries and hangar steak with a green peppercorn sauce.
The food was served promptly and was really hot.
Although our waitress was pleasant and accomdating, the overpriced food was quite the opposite.
Their desserts were limited - I mean REALLY limited to 2 items (nothing like the online menu).
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
The numbness in your lower legs from sitting on old wood chairs is more than compensated by the wonderful food.
The steak au poivre certainly lives up to its lofty reputation, but it shuoldn't overshadow many of the other delicacies on the menu, such as the crab cakes and the frisee salad.
Waiter was a strange bird and when told we wanted to enjoy our dining experience and not be rushed through dinner, he assured us it takes 30 minutes to get entrees once food was ordered.
This is not haute cuisine, but that' part of what I love about it - it has an honest, intimate feel with no pretensions, just like eating in an Italian family's home.
The pizzas are a MUST TRY, hence the name.
The situation was verified by taking 3 dishes that were over an hour late off the bill and free desserts and coffee but the experience left most of us never wanting to go to the supposed hip cool 66 ever again.
Though the menu is brief, entrees range from a deeply satisfying, wintry seared calf's liver with oven-dried tomatoes to a much lighter striped bass drizzled with textbook perfect beurre blanc.
The only complaint I have is that the tables for 2 along the booth are very close together so it wasn't as romantic a dinner as we wanted but all in all, we were in our own world, more like in heaven.
We complained to our waiter serveral times about this and the stares continued and to top it all off as the manager walked around to each table asking if they enjoyed their dinner, he conveniently did not ask us!
You have to be comfortable eating with your hands, sharing the same plate with your friends and be able to handle spicy food (not as spicy as some thai dishes though).
Although the service was top notch, all of the food was disappointing: burnt octopus, bland ravioli, odd tasting mint love letters.
The portions were overly generous for both the apps and entrees without sacrificing the quality.
The menu is slightly different from downtown, but they still have my favorites -- madai salad with hot sesame oil, shrimp kanzuri, the diamond roll, the crispy shrimp roll.
SO I ASKED, TO SPEAK TO THE MANAGER, AND ONE OF THE OWNER WHO MANAGES THE PLACE CAME TO MY TABLE, TOLD ME THAT THE CEVICHE WAS FRESH.
Favorites include the Curry Shrimp w/ Mushrooms, Watercress Salad (not listed on menu), and Kao Soy noodle soup with chicken.
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.
The pieces were small but the fish was good quality and there wasn't a lot of rice to mess with.
although the food was good, the wait was so long; extremely snobby about seating you, we waited 45 min + for our reservation.
The waitress came to our table and told us about their tempting specials.
We asked the server for two glasses with a splash of Southern Comfort and Grand Marnier.
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.
Service is one thing but a restaurant like Craft needs to have much better quality food for the price they charge.
If you've been out partying and have a yen for quality Korean food at 3:00am, there's a table waiting for you at Kang Suh Restaurant.
The bartenders could have been a lot nicer but the drinks they shook up kind of made up for their poor attitude.
Hillarious lighting and ecclectic side dishes make you want to love the place, but the meal on the whole was abyssmal.
The Food The menu ably pulls off Bistro 101: The generous cheese plate makes a big enough starter for at least three people to share, and French onion soup is rich and decadent.
All this Asian fusion craze leaves one feeling like they should've went to an authentic Thai or Indian restaurant for probably 1/3 of the price of Spice Market.
I went with a friend from out the town - the best thing on the menu was the Veal.
The waitstaff is helpful and they'll get your favorite meats to circle your table more often if you just ask.
The food is not large and I could have had a few slices of pizza after I left.
Enjoy the food, because it is remarkable, but don't be too willing to be gratuitis to a server that does not deserve it.
The waiter placed the wrong entree in front of us each time.
Gia Lam I' s service is not much better but the food was.
Forget the phony yuppies of Areos and The Pearl Room, and ENJOY the down home service and OUTSTANDING food here.
The Chinese menu is gone, along with most of the good dishes.
I just got back from dinner from this UES hotspot - it is like a home away from home - delicious meals and a salad dressing that sometimes they let me have a tiny container of for my lunch at work salads - the price/ atmosphere/ cocktails (FULL BAR!!!
While waiting there was no room for standing and the bar staff and their drinks were horrendous.
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.
Del Frisco's is pricey and I was seated in a leper locker room area, but the food was totally fantastic.
Our waiter, though he was charming,was too busy to truly take care of us properly and the food was over priced.
I have tried everything available on the AYCE menu, it has all been quite good (although I am not one to be especially particular with food, sushi in particular.
The service is not very good, but I find that we try Atlantic Grill at least once a year.
One night we landed at the bar for a late night dinner, and the hanger steak and frites w/ marjoram aioli was the BEST.
I have to agree with the previous review that the atmosphere isn't much, but Mister Falafel can't be beat for quick, delicious, cheap takeout.
However, you don't even really need the menu, because the daily specials are always tempting and delicious.
Food was at best, mediocre and when the bill finally came they had nerve to add on 20% gratuity even though there was nothing stated on the menu or anywhere that gratuity was included for a party of 5 (usually a party of 6 is gratuity inclusive).
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.
From chicken wings and smoked beef brisket to pulled pork and Texas links, the menu features many barbecue favorites.
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.
I couple of weeks ago we went to Supper in the east village and it was so bad that we got up and left and the only way to save the evening of horrible food was to go to Blue Ribbon Bakery and have at least one thing off the menu.
We got seated right away, We got a nice starter from the kitchen, unfortunately the waiter that brought it could not explain what it was, it was delicious though.
The menu includes the usual Chinese restaurant staples, but also includes a fairly diverse selection of other dishes not typically found in your average noodle house.
Great tasting meat, intimate if slightly noisy ambience and the service is slightly less attentive than it could be but is done with charm.
This pizza shop is one o fhte best places ever and is a hiden gem in a small community.
In addition, I've always found the waiters helpful with the wine selection, and there is always a good selection of wines by the glass.
I STRONGLY recommend to try something other than typical menu items and go for the short ribs over rice, black cod, sea bass, or duck (there are two dishes that are great).
The food was great but the music was loud and hip-hop and the wait was ridiculous and the prices were out of this world.
There were a lot of scensters who couldnt afford dinner hanging in the waiting area so we got bumped around a lot.
In any case, the food was quite yummy and on monday nights, they have a prix fixe $25 dinner which is definitely a deal.
The Food There's something for fish fans of every stripe on the lengthy menu.
Sometimes when I come home from work I stop at the bar to have a plate of oysters and something delicious for dinner.
The food is decent but small portions so expect to order a lot.
This time, the service was decent and the food was mediocre at best.
The advertised unlimited mimosas and bloody marys is too good to be true until you realize that they keep down your drink count because the service is so slow.
I have seen the crowd go from ultra hip to BT and I still love it becuause of the food.
Great place for either appetizers and drinks at the bar, a romantic dinner or late night partying.
The scene is a bit much some time, but the food is worth it.
When you crave comfort food, make a reservation and head to Piccolo Angolo, they never dissappoint.
We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and were seated right away in the backroom, which is dimly-lit, casual, cozy--kind of felt like you were sitting in a spacious dining galley of a ship or a cabin.
The service can be lacking at times, but the desserts and overall experience certainly counter this flaw.
ONE OF THE BEST PIZZA IN BROOKLYN , NEED AN AC FOR SUMMER.
As for the menu, I've never been disappointed, but the Margarita chicken salad is my favorite.
As to the fact that everyone else's sushi looked better: the waitresses are not responsible for offering you what is CLEARLY written on the menu as Omakase - Chef's Choice.
Do not use this place unless you want to waste your money on horrible stale cheese and food, service which takes your drinks away from the table once you've placed it on the table, waiters that eat your desert while its on the table, non working faucets in the bathroom, and overall very unporfessional service and food.
The dramatic space complements the food and will wow out-of-towners.
Husband and Wife owners are always pleasent and accomidating, food is top notch quality made with care, and now, recently renovated to accomidate more tables and a young fresh feel.
For such an expensive place, you can find much, much better in Manhattan; heck, you can find much better food for a lot cheaper!
the peanut sauce came in a tiny plastic cup smaller than a shot glass.
Try Le Madeleine for a similar price but much better food.
Our bill total was only $30 and our waiter threw in a side of linguini (no charge) since the entrees don't come with pasta sides.
For far better fish at the same price (but less interesting roll combinations), try Yama, just around the corner.
The Food The menu lists affordable soul food and barbecue favorites.
It's unfortunate because the food is generally pretty good, although the waitstaff did try to convince us once that the flan they gave us was really creme brulee.
Mushroom appetizer was doused in a gross mayonnaise like sauce and had not been described that way on the menu.
Always try one of the daily specials, in addition to all the tasty morsels on the menu.
When his to sons joined the mix they took Dads quest for the best food another step adding slowly to the menu a host of items that reflect the demigraphic of this still growing nabe.
When I asked the waitress, she told me they couldn't afford the salmon, and had changed the dish (though not on the menu).
I usually run the other way when I hear of an Italian restaurant with huge portions, because it's usually a lot of mediocre food.
I had a 9pm reservation and wound up sitting down closer to 10, but the bar was entertaining enough for the almost-an-hour wait (excellent martinis).
I had reservations for a week but was seated at the worst table in the room,against a wall near the entrance to the kitchen,very claustaphobic.
The food was not terrible but with the prices as high as they are, I should expect better.
Plenty of tables avail for no reservation in bar areain case you want to go on an expensive date for not so great food.
07 menu was a deal to try this hip tribeca restaurant but the wrong dessert was sent to the table.
The ambience and service here are great but the food was really awful.
My husband doesn't like vegetables and made a point to ask the waiter if he could have a side of pasta instead.
On my first visit, I asked the waiter to please wrap my leftovers and was refused adamantly (he told he wasn't allowed to package the low-priced food).
I honestly do not understand how anyone can not love this place, unless they don't like real pizza.
We had the 5 course tasting menu and had the waiter select a perfect bottle of wine to go with our selections.
Huge selection of farm roasted coffee served with a smile, absolutely no attitude, and accompanied with the best pastries in Manhattan.
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.
In Short A dark, narrow takeout area gives way to small tables in a cozy space decorated to resemble a Bedouin tent.
A reservation did not save us from a wait at the bar, but the food was worth it; a grilled calamari appetizier with mushrooms was delicious as was a mixed seafood pasta main course.
Their cappuccino's are served in a generous mug with a bit too much milk and too-sudsy foam.
Food - mostly steak and fish - is decent, but the portions are obscene - filet mignon and salmon were HUGE, but they don't come with any side dishes - you have to order and pay extra for them which is inconvenient and expensive.
After two terrific meals in the dining room, we opted to sit at the bar on our third visit.
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.
The best thing though was when they messed up the fish order they not only gave us each a free glass of wine, but they took that fish order off our bill!!!
We started at the bar with a round of mojitos, which were amazing, and went to our reserved table.
While the food was good, service tried way too hard.
I KEPT WAITING FOR THE FLAVORS IN THIS RICH LOOKING SAUCE TO TAKE OVER, BUT THEY DID NOT, THE SCALLOP WAS A LITTLE RUBBERY.
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.
All in all, I would not recommend for the food or drinks but I guess I can't expect better for the prices.
Everything that we tasted on the menu was great, particularly the shrimp tapas (if you don't order it yourself, the waiter will surely recommend it).
Karl the Bar Manager makes yummy special drinks for each season be sure to check out what's on his drink menu when you stop in.
All the food was carefully prepared and the presentation was a cut above.
The food was good but it will not make up for the negligent, rude, condescending and hostile service with the full support of their management we received.
If you're going with a date to a lounge on that street, stop there for a drink and a quick appetizer first.
The best thing on the menu was probably the creamed spinach side and that's saying alot for a steakhouse.
My party of 8 had a seafood feast sampling Sammy's menu and we couldn't believe how great the food was.
true I had to wait longer for my table, but the ambience and the food definitely made up for it.
The service and surroundings couldn't have been better, but the food was very disapointing at best.
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.
On your way out, pick up a bar of their Swiss chocolate.
During the day, the sushi bar can be backed up a bit (thanks to their unbeatable lunch specials) so order early.
The menu could be a little bigger but my food as well as my boyfriend's was outstanding (and a lot less expensive than I expected).
The fresh sliced mozzerella, the sweet roasted peppers, the hint of garlic and oil, are just some of the ingredients that produce the light otherworldly tasty pizza at Grimaldi's.
I was shocked by the amount of butter used in the pork and lamb dishes -- the smell of butter was literally wafting off the plate!
About the wait - be prepared to - it isn't just anyplace offering top notch cuisine for about $25 all in.
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.
But wait, it gets even better, the mussels were so fishy that I had the server try one since he had a hard time believing that this was true.
The fish of the day can be prepared five different ways according to the menu, but fails to mention that those five different ways are just five different sauces that come out with the whole, deep fried fish.
Well, its bar is beginning to attract the high-heeled Forever 21 ladies and hair-gelled men-who-love-them crowd (alas) and yet I must admit-- the food is damn good.
Okay, so the bathroom is a little scary and the milieu brings to mind an old diner or cafeteria, but simply put, the food here is the best.
The food is delish, you just have to know the manners to consume, if you don't want to be frustrated with the service.
ten minutes after we ordered the waitress came to our table and told us we had ordered complicated entrees and we would be waiting for 45 minutes.
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.
The Food At dinner, a nicely gamey chopped liver mousse, watercress salad with blue cheese and walnuts, and meat loaf with mashed potatoes stand out among the menu's bistro fare.
The Food An a la carte menu offers specialties like Kobe beef cooked on a hot rock, but the Kaiseki, a traditional multicourse tasting dinner served on gorgeous pottery and porcelain, promises dining adventure.
The loud belly dancer with her scarf dragging across my food and table, almost knocked over my water glass.
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.
bartenders management and at first were a bit disappointed with food.
Never will you taste sicilian Pizza and Spumoni like LBs.
Decent eggs (just about everything on the menu is coated in this amazing hollandaise).
Food was good, but for the price of a plate of pasta here, four raviolis doesn't cut it as an entre for a big guy.
Some of the waiters are lacking good communication skills, but that can be overlooked in light of the great food and prices.
This is the only place that has great cheesecake in the Tri State area and they are famous for it.
The other food they serve is also very good, but the pizza keeps calling me back!
We would rather pay more prices and expect the better food and service.
I agree that the wait staff wasn't very friendly, but the service was adequate and our food arrived without too much of a wait.
No matter what, you should expect a wait, big deal, small price to pay for great food as far as I'm concerned.
The spacious bar, with its own menu of small plates and a lengthy list of wines by the glass, is a boon to single diners.
The atmosphere is certainly unlike any other restaurant in all of Manhattan, but it is a pity that the food does not live up to the decor.
The choices for vegetarians are extremely limited, unless one is content with side dishes.
The ambience is horrible but the food is incredible.
People at the next table were complaining how horrible their house wine was.
To be fair, my husband's cheeseburger was quite good, but the waitress never apologized for the long wait or attempted to explain.
though the portions were smaller than average, the flavor and sauces that accompany them (truffle honey, cherries and peaches in mustard sauce) were all really good.
I didn't know what to expect from Frankie and Johnnie's when I made the reservation after my friend told me it was the best steak he had had.
While the food was good enough (if old-fashioned - my meal tasted like it was out of a fancy 1950s cookbook, all creamy and rich) the environment was sort of bizarre - rich tapestries, yucky corner-grocer roses on the tables, and a strange '80s mirrored wall, which we sat against at the back of the restaurant.
The menu sounded good but the grilled eggplant roll was oversauced with a pile of mint, pork chop was leathery, and everything just tasted wrong.
Ate at the bar and started with an amazing bowl of french onion soup with 3 cheeses (3!)
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.
Great wine list with an extra expensive selection for all you big spenders.
Kids love the tabletop crayons and coloring books, but the real crowd-pleaser is raw pizza dough--lumps are available at the open kitchen window.
Po has the best food in NY, if you don't mind a wait.
The prices are up there without being over the top but the quality of the food commands it.
Chances are the garden out back is hopping, with happy Slopers sipping wines that start less than $20 per bottle and munching on more than a dozen kinds of pressed sandwiches.
The other side of the menu offers chicken, veal, and seafood standards, including perfect saltimbocca and a huge, succulent veal chop.
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.
Denny's serves a better Grand Slam breakfast--and at a quarter of the price (I paid $21 w/o tip for b-fast--I went back a second time, because the restaurant was highly touted and I thought the first bad experience was a fluke.
Jackson Diner was my first intro to true Indian food and its been 10yrs since and I cannot go one month without some of this unbelievable food.
The staff were friendly, but the food just wasn't that great.
There are no vegetarian items on the menu, but when I requested that the chef make something meat-free for me, he came through with a dish just as delicious and pretty as those my friends were eating.
The best dish is not listed on their menu - it is a special - the flat pasta with truffle mushroom sauce.
The small shrimp were dry and rubbery and when I sent the dish back to the kitchen, the waitress returned saying that they use 'frozen shrimp so that is wny they have that texture.
While getting a reservation upstairs can be a pain, stopping by on Saturday night for a dinner by the window is a fun way to experience Babbo without the long term planning.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
Paying that high price, I could have dined at other places with better food and service.
Everything from the salmon dip at the bar (while waiting for our table) to the dessert was perfect.
Setting aside the interminable wait for food, the cheese omelet opened up on the way from the kitchen to the table so that when it arrived, it looked like a large yellow pancake with a slab of uncooked cheese sitting in the middle.
There isn't a huge selection of food, but there's something on the menu for everyone to really enjoy.
Would go back when I was ordering off the regular menu and give the steak a try.
Ignoring the merits of the cuisine (which was par at best), I see no reason why one would pay Da Umberto prices for an okay meal and below average ambience.
This place is good but food and service is presented for the masses, not much personalized service considering the price tag and that it is a  full-evening-out type of dinner place.
the tasty food keeps luring me back, but after placing an order with who i assume must be the same rude sunday manager i keep hearing about, i'm not sure i will again.
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.
The wait staff is friendly and helpful and kudos to the sushi chef Hero who serves up great dishes on and off the menu and is always wearing a smile.
the most expensive dish on the menu was $14!!!
A very pretty setting to have a meal, but unfortunately the service and food don't match the atmosphere.
that the waiting is horrific but the food is great.
The caesar salad was a huge bowl of iceberg lettuce, a dressing that wasn't ceasar, 1 crouton and a few slices of thin chicken -- for $12.
Pastas include shellfish-stocked linguine with tomato sauce, and an excellent homemade cheese ravioli--all are available in half portions.
Good location, but tourist-y and poor quality food.
The menu does not have much and what we did have - original pizza with pepperoni and sausage was not so great.
Their menu has just been updated featuring new rolls and more choices.
Although the pricing is on the more expensive side, this is a must try restaurant for its food.
although the food was well-prepared, it was not worth the price, especially when it does not include dessert!
Watch out for the sesame noodles, though, and leave the complimentary pickled cabbage and carrots sitting on the table for the next customer to enjoy.
The menus took about 15 minutes to come, the menu were already set up for Valentines day the salad was good my dinner was a soup of about 2 or three shrimps, THAT'S IT!
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).
I find the attitude of the managers to be appallingly superior, and the food below average, at sky-high prices.
mistake on the check, overly salty morels stuffed with foie gras) but overall, Daniel's dishes are revelations in taste.
Particularly good is the chicken verde burrito with a refreshingly spicy salsa that avoids the heat overkill.
The food was pretty good but the portions were smaller than what I would expect for brunch.
The mussels and fries at this place were amazing!
Delivery wasn't the fastest, but the food was still hot so I won't complain.
Bins of fresh bagels rest behind the counter, and there are always a few customers sitting at one of the few tables inside or on one of two wooden benches out front.
While the food is terrific, you must overlook the often apathetic service, and the sometimes downright rude Manager that seats people.
Great place to get a good fulfilling meal but do not go for ambience or service.
It's always exciting to see celebrities hiding in the corner banquettes or behind sunglasses at the bar, but the real draw is the chef's short ribs and the volumous wine list.
), we were not given bread though the couple next to us was, we asked twice for our check and when it came, they forced us to pay the tip in cash so they could get out of paying taxes!
The servers were prompt and attentive, but the food arrived lukewarm (maybe it was served so quickly because it was pre-cooked and had been sitting out for a while) and was not all that flavorful.
When the pizza arrived it was definitely hot, however the topping was rather soggy from the moisture from the fresh tomatoes.
The service is almost stifling polite (they pushed in my chair behind me every time I returned from the bathroom), though the sushi chef preparing my food was casual and chatty.
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.
Tried again for Brunch and really bad server with HUGE attitude.
The food makes up for it, though the quality has fallen victim to it's success.
The food was barely decent and our server was nowhere to be found.
I always trek to Bar 89 and get one of their huge sandwiches that comes with fries.
The Food The seafood-dominant fusion menu features standout starters, like super-fresh raw bar oysters, crispy citrus-pepperoncini calamari and flaky lobster-mushroom tart with fiery chorizo and caramelized onions.
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.
Olives served at the bar are wonderful.
The only con is the price ($110 for two people for a full meal).
food was just ok,, to many high end places in such a cool lower east side neighborhood,like prune and apizz, prices to high in these places for this hood.
I was a bit taken aback by the paper napkins and the flyer like menu, but was excited nevertheless to taste the food praised by at least 6 people on this site.
Food was much better than the average Indian place in the area, and more interesting.
So, get drinks elsewhere, have a nice dinner here, and stop by the package store on the way home where you can get a bottle of Bombay Sapphire for the cost of 2 drinks here.
One person's dinner was cold, another was charged for a larger portion than ordered, and my shrimp pasta was inedible.
Subtle decor, above average wine list and a menu with a difference.
The food was awesome if you can deal with wait staff who you can hardly ever find.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.
I went back to telly's because i heard that they changed the Chef and the food was again, after a very very small break, was excellent again.
Art and miscellany adorn the black-painted walls; strings of colored lights, disco balls and TVs are hung here and there; and on weekends a DJ fills the dining room with loud dance beats.
Although the food was good, it wasn't quite worth the price tag.
After ordering a couple beers from the pleasant bartender, my date and I took a seat at one of MANY vacant tables next to the bar (The bar stools were full).
Smallish menu, but more than adequate, and not that heavy on sauces which is so typical of italian restaurants.
I highly recommend the chicken hearts, but remember: ask the waiters, since they're not usually available and will be cooked upon request (and will go fast).
Even though it's a trek for me to get there and the place is a little of a Hole in the wall, I've gone many times for the food alone.
We sat there with the check and ordered dessert and more drinks.
But my lunch was very light with a wrap, not tortilla, but something thinner, a rice paper sort of crepe, that had lettuce and spicy cabbage and thin sliced beef.
Soy abounds, in all forms: as firm patties, pure squares of glistening tofu, and something called a hijiki patty--mixed tastily with shreds of seaweed, then fried.
Try the stir fried cube steak, shabu sahbu, or the Oden, or anything else you want to try on the menu.
To enhance the dining experience, there is a live jazz band, which further isolates you from the world outside the gates.
Surf-and-turf encompasses the menu's star entrees: deliciously charred sesame-crusted tuna with ginger ponzu gently juxtaposes espresso-rubbed filet mignon.
Other than the too fruity drinks at the bar which wasn't my cup of tea, everything else was excellent.
The porterhouse is as good a steak you are going to find in NYC or the surrounding area.
My only two complaints are that (1) our server was a real space cadet and kinda inattentive and (2) the sodas were really small; overall, though, I had a great time and really enjoyed my dinner!
This is one of two Ping's in Queens, the other one on Queens Blvd in Elmhurst serves great seafood dishes fished straight off clean tanks.
Unfortunately it gets very crowded on the weekends, so if you don't mind dining at the bar you can skip the wait for a table.
If you are under 24 this might seem to be a great place in the big city but for the rest of us it's just a liitle too chheesy and the food is under par for the price.
They spoon the FAT GREASE over your steak when they bring it to the table.
In Short This old-fashioned luncheonette, festooned with artificial flowers and signs touting the cherry lime rickeys, egg creams and banana-walnut pancakes, is favorite pitstop for folks visiting the Brooklyn Museum and Botanical Gardens.
Although we were seated quickly, ambiance was cozy, service was decent the overall menu selection and overall food taste and presentation was less to be desired!
Count on fresh, fairly priced cuts of fish that represent a good value, even if portions are a bit on the small side.
Food is pretty good but the service is horrific.
Warming clam miso soup and expertly rolled Mexican maki (made with yellowtail, scallions, avocado, and jalapeno mayonnaise) pair well with a stiff glass of shochu, Japanese liquor with a bite as strong as tequila.
Not the best ambiance, but meat that'll make you drool.
The food is good and cheap BUT the attitudes of the bartender and wait staff are almost unbearable.
When we got there, the wait was just as everyone here has described, Domenico's process was just as described, but the pizza?
I don't think the menu is particularly creative, but I've gotten solidly tasty sushi here and it's always enormous.
never had a bad pizza, the staff has always been friendly, if not overly solicitous, and the only downside is the occasional wait on line outside.
We had a horrible night here stemming from intolerable service, no appologies after our food never came out after waiting longer than an hour and a half, and a plate of crusty bread thrown at us when we asked for their signature corn bread.
The Scene Vintage suitcases and black-and-white photos of old ocean liners evoke the Golden Age of travel in the front bar, where a worldly clientele sips cocktails around a flickering faux fireplace.
We had to ask for the bill twice, and our water was refilled only when we asked for it.
The waiter poured our wine into my water glass, rolled his eyes when I asked for a new water, and definitely didn't offer to comp the wasted glass of wine.
I am a martini guy - vodka, not gin - and their classic martini with blue cheese olives is pretty damn near definitive.
sashimi was meh, salmon was good but the tuna was a little white and seemed like the day before as the flavor had faded.
They do make great burgers for the money and give big portions of fries with it.
You'd expect one to have more dessert options, other than rice pudding.
The food is definitely the attraction, but the service has been consistently bad on every visit.
But the waiter was very accomodating; he brought extra garlic bread at no charge, was attentive, and apologized profusely for not allowing us to order from the 12-and-under kids' menu.
The night I was there, besides extraordinary food and service, the owners; Carmelo Leotta and Pietro Cinquemani were belting out Mario Lanzi tunes on the Steinway piano.
I use to always get the turkey club, until recently where I have gotten more bread than turkey.
I must start by stating plainly that I love Jeollado, but it is loud, the service is bad, but the rolls are great and it is the best deal (CHEAP) in town.
Tuesdays are Wine Lovers nights, where everything on their wine list is half off - it's a great deal.
This Prospect Heights institution, with its old-fashioned soda-fountain type counter, complete with cakes of the day on pedastals w glass covers, attracts a diverse and loyal crowd.
We had at least 10 of the appetizers on the menu, which all were delicious.
Every course was delicious, including the multiple chef samples, brought to you from the chef throughout your entire meal.
The food is worth it, but I suggest you order delivery, so that you don't have to read old issues of Robb Report while you wait forever in a small and hot room.
Another quick tell-tale sign is the furniture at the bar and the seating tables.
Take out and delivery is next door and usually will be better if you are looking to get your food faster.
Ignoring the plain decor, Jo-An is one of the best options for cheap japanese food on the Upper West Side.
When my brother and I we had too much pizza in New York, we would like to order something else from the menu.
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.
A dish of chewy smoked seitan evokes Peking duck, while an entree of wide green-tea noodles is served in a tasty faux Bolognese sauce.
I had six different items on the menu (yes, I am a trencherman) and three were simply OUTSTANDING: the steak, the sweetbreads (best I've ever had), and the monkfish liver (also the best I've ever had).
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.
the sushi was good and the service was not as bad as some would have you think but the crowd was more business than hip, more wall st.
But once we spoke up (and they figured out what happened with the menus) they re-did the dish in a butter sage sauce, which was awesome.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
The food quality is good, but the prices are not worth it!
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.
They've got some of the best french toast you'll ever eat for Sunday brunch, and while their dinner menu hasn't changed much in the past few years, their food is reliable and they I always find something new in their chicken or fish specials, which are usually prepared with a red or white wine-based sauce.
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.
the bread they served as we sat down had a pastry-like crunch on the outside and still warm.
The staff is nice, but they have the awful job of having to sell bland food as amazing treats.
I ended up wasting $24 on the most expensive dish on the menu.
The menu was still small, but the quality of food that came out of the kitchen was superb, and the service was not bad at all.
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.
The only downfall was that our appetizer never showed up, we were apologized to, and it wasn't on our bill, but we also didn't get the jumbo shrimp we were all craving.
The service was great, the chef even gave me a complimentary dish.
The only cuisines that will provide comparable quality in the vicinity are Greek (if you know where to look) and Pizza.
nice place, good service but the price is a little bit more expensive when compare with the area, location and small dishes.
service was reasonably quick via delivery, but the hunan beef had no spice whatsoever and the chicken chow mein really looked inedible.
The seating for dinner is uncomfortable, too close to the bar which gets really crowded since it is so small.
In Short Custard Beach is located in the lower-level dining concourse of Grand Central Terminal, which features seating, many dining choices and a crowd of tourists and commuters.
The food wasn't impressive either- I was expecting huge portions, but my lobster ravioli was only 4 medium sized pieces, and I've tasted better at other restaurants.
Food was much better then I had remembered (smaller menu) Great place for lunch.
When the other half of my party arrived, the waited helped us with the menu, and i was happy to know you can mix and match items in their lunch box I got the mekong box and i could not believe how great the pork sandwich was, I also enjoyed the asian salad and brownie tremendously.
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.
Our waitress was a bit cold but she was still attentive and food came quickly.
From the bottomless cup of coffee to the basket o' scones mini-muffins to the delicious entrees, Dizzy's is the place to be.
To SM's credit, our waiter was eventually replaced and the matre d' offered us free dessert, but we're not going back there ever again.
When I read some of the reviews in this section, I am not sure if they had diner in the same restaurant and also I would not be suprise if they decided to have their Branzino well done with butter on the side.
There's no bar, only beer and wine, and you're likely to be annoyed by unruly Park Slope offsprings, so come late and enjoy the smart wine list.
Not only is there very little on the menu besides steak, but you really have no choice of what cut of meat to get.
The food *was* pretty good, though, (though certainly not worth the prices) so it's worth checking out if you have an expense account to work with.
- , the desserts are sinful, the moroccan hospitality evident in the wait staff's friendliness and there is an overall ambience that makes you want to stay all night!
The service and atmosphere may not set your mood but when you're done you will realize that it's only the food that counts!
Although the food was in small portions, it was good.
One example: They literally took bread from my baby, after we ordered a brick oven pizza, not food (the waiter's words).
The drinks are cute as is concept--unfortunately, the service is not and neither is the wait.
Though the celery root soup was super yummy - everything else was an overpriced letdown- the plates come out looking like it's the depression era.
I ordered the plane no fuss SALMON and it was honestly the best salmon EVER.
I ordered a dirty martini that was not dirty at all-and when I asked the waitress to make it dirtier, instead of reshaking/making it at the bar, she broght me over some olive juice in a cup!?
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round.
I felt that the meat had little flavor(ribs and chicken) and as result I had to use A ALOT of their bbq sauce (which is good) and the ribs were not falling of the bone.
I'd say the menu is generally below-average for the neighborhood, but if you want a burger, this is the place to go.
The wine list is short and the wine glasses suck (not spigleau or riedel, in addition they are small for the big italian wines on the menu).
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.
Though the wait staff was attentive, when the raw (really, not al dente) potatoes were brought to our server's attention, she listened but didn't respond.
An Egg like custard appetizer, a platter of different kinds of rolls made from: Lobster, Eel, Sword Fish, Trout, Blue Fin Tuna, Horse Mackerel, and Salmon Roe.
Their service needs some work, but it is safe to say that you will enjoy the food.
Don't let the decor fool you because you will miss out in some of the best food you ever eaten.
Their relatively recent introduction of a version of the Sicilian pie is called the Grandma pie featuring a thin crust, much sauce, with less cheese, and chopped Basil.
Went on a Saturday with out of town tickets and the food was great but the service was awful, even surely.
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.
The place is full of flavor and color and the music just puts you in the mood for food and drinks.
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.
If only they'd get a better wine list - the reds are all so mediocre - this would be the perfect meal.
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.
the food is still awesome - the twist on mexican is perfect - but the service is terrible - from the apathetic hosts to the unbelievably slow servers.
Caravan can be a little slow sometimes, but more than makes up for it in the quality of the food and the care of wait staff.
Bland food, arroganrt waiters.
I will definitely try dinner, but they do need to fix the kitchen shifts so that people get served in a reasonable time.
I went to Ciao on a Saturday evening and the food was not up to the price asked for.
On the menu, unusual offerings like mango salad, Kashmiri chicken and whole fish cooked in mustard sauce refute the strip's infamous reputation for one-sauce-fits-all cooking.
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).
A regular Japanese menu is available for those who would like to experience traditional Japanese cuisine.
We sat at the bar and were constantly bumped by the waitress flying past; had fabulously fresh raw oysters with pieces of shell in every bite; lobsters rolls were tasty but the large pieces of meat were tough; the apple crumble was excellent but the ice cream was over-frozen and the stench of frying oil was nearly unbearable.
best chicken in queens.
the place has an awesome decore, with fish swiming below certain tables.
In April, the service was fair but again, the food was at best only warm.
Yes the wait is dreafully long, the place feels a bit uncomfortable to talk in with your dining partner, but the food is excellent none the less.
The food was great so that made up for the lack of service from the waitress.
The waitress apologized for the long wait and said they would give us some free drinks or desert since they forgot about our orders but we never received anything and by the time we got the bill we just wanted to pay and leave.
The Food The menu is a paper buffet--pick your cut of meat, dress it in either a sauce or a baked-on chapeau and then pick accessories, such as Yukon gold mashed potatoes, bitter greens or wilted tomatoes with blue cheese.
Great food -- but some of the worst service in the neighborhood.
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!
the pre dinner drink at the bar was very pleasant, good start, although we waited up to about an hour before our table was ready.
A simple dish like Fattouch or Tabbouleh are turned into the most delicious salad youll ever have.
The menu features American bistro dishes like crab cakes, chicken under a brick, fresh oysters and various seafood dishes.
yes this place has good pizza but HORRIFIC HORRIFIC delivery service.
A simple shrimp seviche with fresh cocktail sauce shines on the lunch menu, while dinner items tend to be more sophisticated, such as turkey filet mignon with bacon and a bold mole negro.
Nice decor poor food poor service.
While the food was good and reasonably priced, the service was horrible.
Atmosphere, I'd give to Rosa or Maya, but Mexican fare at Zarela is tops.
The atmosphere's a bit grungy, yes, but the music and the coffee are good.
If you want a quiet dinner don't show up late, cuz the atmosphere gets louder and more loungy as the nite goes on.
All-night restaurant with excellent burgers and stella on tap.
Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly.
not fancy I think they keep their christmas decorations up all year long, but good mexican food!!
Once seated the waiter took our drink orders only to return 10 minutes later with the wrong drinks.
There is nothing else on the menu except for exotic teas and cold beverages, but with a meal this cheap and delightful, who would care?
Food was good although menu was a little limited(still plenty to chose from).
Delicious appetizers and entrees, our server recommended a wonderful bottle of wine, and we couldn't resist dessert.
Its great for people who want to try Korean food, but can't understand the servers or the menu on 32nd St.
Many meals were delivered by two servers, besides having a waiter to oversea the process.
Every item on the menu tasted like it had been lovingly perfected- from the pulled pork sandwich on white roll to the smokey baked beans, buttery mac-n-cheese, and slightly spicey coleslaw.
I have been coming here for several years and know that the staff and bartender would be there with my favorite drinks and dishes I like to eat and drink on any given night.
Thankfully, a succinct menu leaves little to ponder--and, despite the high churn, burgers always arrive as specified.
as of late though(maybe change of ownership)the food quality dropped with the menu change and the service got worse.
Be prepared to wait for a table - go to the upstairs bar and crack open a bottle of wine, or a nice bottle of Italian beer, and get to know everyone else waiting - who knows, you could be sitting with them for dinner!
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.
Just finished a tasty jerked chicken dinner that was too pricey for the subpar service and good, but not great food.
Our waiter brought out three main courses, but the fourth wasn't ready so we had to wait for 10 minutes for the last dish to arrive, but they were very nice and gave us free red pepper hummus while we waited.
Outside the realm of steak, things aren't so certain: The pork chops can be a bit tough, lobster tails aren't the greatest and the special salad isn't.
) While the location and ambiance sure are nice, I found the price a bit expensive considering the quality of the food was nothing spectacular.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
Dominic will give you the ambience of the old times when they were all immigrants and good food was equivalent of good friends and unforgettable times.
The food ranges from okay to delicious and the service varies from great to poor.
The menu has been changed to a mostly unhealthy one, adding bacon even to the fish dishes (sometimes with no notice), so if youre looking for vegetarian or even just healthy seafood dishes, you wont find much.
I have tolerated the fact that the place is packed on weekends, pricey and not that great drinks, often poor music on Saturdays, and bottle service that is slowly turning into a must.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
The basil pepper mojito was a little daunting in concept, but I was refreshed at the flavor.
The atmosphere of the place is nice as well as the location, but I found food mediocre and too expensive for the quality offered.
Really great thin crust pizza - hot and fresh and fast, though you'll probably have to wait for a table.
Granted, it's loud and sometimes obnoxious and it's such a pain to get seats for, but the the food is great.
Though the service is speedy be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes for the soup dumplings.
With a chef from Liguria, Italy, authentic Neapolitan brick oven pizza and one of the most impressive Italian wine lists I've ever seen, this was the real deal!
Great pizza and heros, without the variety and selection of that star wars-style canteena hipster crowd pizzeria on Bedford (Anna Maria's) but with 5X the flavor.
Very pleasant atmosphere, not a quiet romantic dinner.
Somewhat agree with the previous reviews about service and the long wait but once seated, the food is well worth it.
The veal was nice and tender, but the flavors weren't exciting.
It is a nice room with a cool bar and you should stop in for a drink and Tapas but dinner was very weak!!!!
Just sit at the bar and sip some amazing Italian wines.
The prices have gone up and some of good old standby entrees have disappeared from the menu.
On the menu board posted outside - they got Passion Fruit Creme Brule.
The food is decent, but for what the bill comes to, it's just not worth it.
Our waitress recommended the coffee flan for dessert, and we didn't regret it.
Overall, it is a nice place and if you don't mind possible attitude and the not-so-cheap prices, it is a great place to meet for coffee or drinks (they have a nice selection of that too!
the dishes are a little too recherche and too trendy for their own good and there is not enough on the menu for vegetarians.
the menu looked great, but the food was the biggest disappointment i've had yet!
The Pink Pony's brunch is among the very best in the city!
Only quibbles are so-so wine service, and while Prix-fixe is reasonable at $68, extra charges for additional dishes/tastings can be high.
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.
Any sandwich or appetizer on the menu is delicious.
My friend's entree wasn't presented as described in the menu, but we didn't want to add to the drama.
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.
What do you like more, completely addictive patties of greasy beef, or glasses of cheap refreshing beer to wash it down?
Yet, the place was emptyIts too bad because the food is authentic and price is very reasonable considering the location and the quality (eg.
The food came out really quick and the service overall was not bad.
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.
But other comfort foods are also superb: Scallion pancakes are delectably crispy yet chewy, and chow fun with shredded pork and preserved cabbage (it's not on the menu) offers a tangy rice-noodles retake on the usual lo mein.
We were first greeted by a very friendly hostess who asked if we had reservations - even though we didn't they were VERY accommodating - we sat at the bar and spoke to the VERY nice bartender who recommended a GREAT wine and gave us some brucetta to munch on while we waited.
Arriba Arriba has much better food, margs, and atmosphere with slightly higher prices, but well worth it.
I was thinking I am gonna have a nice dinner in that place that a friend of mine recommended to me , but beside the expensive prices that it has was nothing more.
Trish, our waitress was really great - the food was mediocre.
Although Sweet Melissa's food and pastries are very tasty, the unfriendly folks who work there sour the experience.
The food is pretty good, and so is the service, though on my first visit I told the waitress I wanted my tuna black-and-blue and she had no idea what that was.
Anyway the food was really good, the portions are not big however very filling and exceptionally good.
While the environment is still fun and diverse, the food quality has been sliding lately.
That bastion of authentic Mexican food in Spanish Harlem that earned raves by white reviewers, leading other gringos to nervously venture to Spanish Harlem and pretend they're trendy to pay too much for food that is only marginally better than the place around the corner.
My roommate says she has had good food here at night, at the bar.
I would say it's suitable for a romantic date or quiet family meal, as there is no bar so the atmosphere is a little quiet.
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.
The Food Surprisingly tasty Texas-style barbecue gives this place culinary flexibility beyond that of most wrap-and-burrito shacks.
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.
Not the most beautiful environment, but the food is consistently delicious and the barbeque is fun and tasty.
The menu ranged from standard (steak, duck and mussels-all fantastic) to curious (ostrich-awesome, and tartare-smoked not raw but still so good.
Oh yeah, the food's just alright for the price.
I had the item that they forgot to put on the menu; some very tasty fish over jasmine rice with shrimp.
i've had practically everything on their menu as i dine out alot but their burgers and mussels with fries are what bring me there every friday night.
This is authentic Japanese food - California roll is not on the menu.
Space aside, service is ok but the food is really well done.
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful.
It's just nice to have a place like this - a sit down place with a lot of food choices, not centered on a particular ethnicity and a bar - as an option here.
The menu features mild versions of Lone Star state favorites, from double-basted baby back ribs and steak fajitas to red-beef chili and deep-fried onions.
I've heard such wonderful things about Pluck U and had the pleasure of trying their infamous chicken while having learned a few things: 1) rushed service 2) limited menu 3) semi-reasonable 4) overly popular.
nice and cozy place but the soup was cold, the pizza was cold.
The Food There's a trimmed-down version of the regular Blue Ribbon menu--all manner of sandwiches, and a solid selection of American main courses--but the real attraction is the vast, well-edited range of cheese, fish and vegetable portions (goodies like foie gras terrine aside, the meat selections are disappointingly indistinct).
Still, after all the fuss, the food makes you forget about the wait.
They always greet me and my friends warmly, deliver food promptly, are happy to answer questions about the menu, and they almost always throw in a free dessert at the end of the meal!
$45 a head with tip for bad gnocchi, mediocre wine (as recommended by a condescending waiter, who thought himself oh-so-nice) and the feeling that our companions (at our shared table) were listening in on all our chatter.
Our cocktails were ok but at ridiculous dance club prices.
The food is great and I found it to be fresh and the prices are below to average compared to other Greek Restaurants.
The dessert was as good as the waiter said it would be.
The Food The menu is better suited to the snacking at the long bar than dining in the compact dining area.
Summary - good food which they rush you through and do everything to up your bill.
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.
The waiters have been there for YEARS and they know their steak is amazing.
Not the best ambience and the service is sometimes just mediocre, but the quality of the food is incredible.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Although the place had an actual makeover not long ago, the food or chef needs to be changed.
The place looks like the inside of a factory, with its steel drums, over-amped A/C and hard wooden benches, and the industrial decor seeps into overly streamlined menu and passionless food.
I had to try the sweet tea, which was served in a plastic cup at room temperture.
I can only say that the soup dumplings are almost as good as Joe's Shanghai and some dishes I had (like Eight Spice appetizer) were tasty while others (Shanghai style Shumai) were less so.
We were a large group and would highly recommend all the drinks and foodThe manager on duty was understanding that our friends were very late and held our reservation.
The menu contains both Japanese fusion and plain Italian dishes - everyone should be able to find something they like.
The Scene The consistent lines at this bustling Japanese tapas hot spot don't lie: Yokocho's fresh, reasonably priced comfort food and social atmosphere draw a youthful clientele of cultural natives and gaijin alike.
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.
I have told so many people to come here even my friend from Japan and we all love it, especially when we get the room for all of us to sit in our own little world eating tons of good sushi!
it's one of the cheapest eats in the city and the food is not bad if you sit at the bar only - they have a decent chicken and/or beef tender tips but they cook with a lot of garlic so beware.
Overall, I would rather go to a chain coffee house up the street for the same priced coffee, but a much more relaxing atmosphere, and no one forgetting my order.
Cheese on the bottom, sauce on top - not too thick or doughy.
yes as I sat at the table waiting just under 1 HOUR for my food, i was quite tempted to step across the road for a quick snack.
Forget Brunch- there are usually people waiting outside, although the brunches are delish as well!
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.
Our waitress was pleasant but slow, and the food is simply not good enough to be treated like a nuisance.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
Disappointed in the selection on the restaurant week menu (which did not include any steak entrees) but impressed with the actual food- everything was very good- fresh and innovative- saffron risotto was not too powerful and the entrees were all good.
The specials of the day are the way to go.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
The only downer was the fruit fondue desert from the prie fixe menu wasn't as good as it looked (the chocolate was runny), and the wait between our salad and main course was too long.
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
I've had the ribeye, the salmon, and a burger/fries at the bar, and they were all exceptional.
My advice: go the bathroom at home, and then go to Ginza for EXCELLENT sushi and service.
The hostess had us wait in the bar while our table was set up and we ordered what had to be the best mojitos in the city.
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.
Heartland is the best place in mid-town to grab a beer after work and meet the cuties that work in the building.
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.
The server was dutiful yet insincere, the brunch drinks above average.
It looks like a dive but serves up fresh authentic Mexican fare you won't normally find in your average Tex-Mex style restaraunt.
The food was very good but portions were small.
I went there on my 2nd day in New York ever for a quick lunch and ended up staying and chatting with the owners wife and a waiter, Javi for two hours.
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.
The chef insisted that the meat was cooked properly!?
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.
Although she was obviously busy, she was helpful in describing certain items on the menu and suggested a duck dish that was out of this world.
The place was a bit noisy, but sitting on the edge of the restaurant helped, and although the portions were small, w/ an appetizer it was the perfect amount of food.
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.
Sure the food was - as always - very good, but we were quite outrageous about the waitress.
The waiter handed us menus consisting of about 7 entrees, and after telling us the specials, informed us that there was no chicken.
Well, no secret that a brunch here on Saturday or Sunday will be a long wait - but once you bite into those pancakes, it will have been worth every minute.
same atmosphere but food was better before years ago- octopus was like chewing a rubber tire- dumplings tasted artificial.
The food and beer make up for it, but it would be nice if the staff weren't such buzz kills!
I highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogis and the polish kielbasa entreesbut the real stars on the menu are the sides.
Although my waiter had about as much personality as a dead fish, I loved the great solid food and would definately go back.
Dinner's nothing to scream about (although there are a few winners on the menu), but solid margaritas and appetizers are well-suited for a summer evening.
But the price tag was high, and the food was comparable to a Las Vegas buffet for flavor and quality.
Forget about the staff and go for the food and pleasant, if a bit cramped Lancaster, Pennsylvania like decor for comfort.
The lengthy menu includes the likes of mee krob (glass noodles with shrimp, chicken and pork in plum sauce), nur-yang-num-tok (barbecued flank steak served with a spicy sauce), pork with chili and basil leaves and spicy, bean curd coconut milk soup.
The Food The fun factor is high on the menu of experimental, multi-ethnic shared plates.
Although it lacks the patina of places like Peter Luger's and Sparks, it still has a steakhouse's telltale wood paneling, chalkboard specials and decorative wine bottles.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
The food is just ok, not really memorable and not what you expect for the price but I guess the atmosphere is what you pay for.
The food was good but for the prices, it was definitely not worth it.
The menu is varied but I think it is the chicken which they do best as.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Went there a few months ago, and while the food was really good, and I was ready for it to be pricey, the one thing that bothered me was the waiter was standing in a corner watching us eat.
While the space is exceptionally small and the seating can be uncomfortable, the food is well worth the few inconveniences.
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.
The new fall menu has a black cod with miso broth so good I thought I was at Nobu.
The only drawback is that the tiny cafe can only hold so many people with even less tables available, so if you are lucky enough to score a table, stay put with a date and some wine, because no place nearby can serve so much romance with such quality eats.
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.
deserts were slow to order as waiters passed us twice, even with the menus closed.
12/24/03  Dinner was ok, service was so- so,the worst part was the hostess - we made reservations a month before Christmas Eve for three people, you would think the table would be large enough for all three of us.
So if he can't find fresh-good product, he'll remove a dish from the menu which I think is fantastic.
There are some reviews complaining about the menu but I had the same dish the first three times that I was there - and any specials that I have had have been excellent.
Recommend eating at the bar for an intimate, relaxed dinner.
We ordered the Tuna a la carte and Wild Salmon and chicken breast on the Prix Fixe.
You can't fault them for serving up some pretty good food, even if it's a bit overpriced.
Bartender made a bad drink for me and I sent it back and was charged for it.
The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.
Among us, we ordered a large sampling of the menu, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.
It's just a diner, but three decent hearty lunches for 12 bucks?
WAY OVER PRICED , HAD MUCH BETTER MEALS FOR JUST OVER HALF THE PRICE IN PLACES JUST AS NICE.
I had the waiters bring back so much meat that that asked me if I wanted Flank steak for dessert.
We started at the bar with a nice bottle of wine, which was priced fairly and sampled several different cheeses.
The food was abundant and good but wasn't worth the unpleasant wait.
The rolls are tiny so you have to order more anyway and they will often get your order wrong if you stray from the menu.
We were immediately seated (the restaurant was no where close to being packed, surprise, surprise) There are very few selections on the menu and the food is not that great and the dining experience at Butter is completely overrated.
Good food, but bad service.
While I would agree with the initial review that Asia de Cuba isn't really Asian or Cuban in its decor, the food was a nice fusion.
Only drawback is the sound level - quite a loud space downstairs - and that might be accounted for with their trendy bar and right off Times Square.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
We told the manager it was not worth a few appetizers to be treated that way and left.
The food is decent, but WAY TOO SMALL of portions for what you pay for.
On the table you will also find individual bottles of fine imported olive oil which we put on the bread-fantastic!
They are negligent in alerting customers when an order is ready - you could end up waiting for half an hour while your food is sitting on their counter getting cold.
yes Shrimp not lobster (those are 6 Lbs) try the exotic Fish not on the menu and a must have is the Flower stuffed with lump crab meat.
The House salad is big enough to split, The Fried Calamari is some of the best I ever ate, the bowties broccoli, broccoli rabe, square slices, broiled filet of sole, clam sauce.
I have a litany of complaints -- being over-charged for wine that I didn't order, shady waiters, so-so food that arrived at the table luke warm, main course portion sizes barely large enough to be appetizer sizes, lack of fabulosity that Mr.
Aside from that, the service is adequate (visible, and will help you if you ask, but lack initiative), and the food, well, could be a lot worse.
For a restaurant with such limited menu and wine list, each dish should better be darn good.
Both appetizers arrived cold/luke-warm, which we had to send back, only to have the waiter tell us that one was supposed to be cold.
The Food Consulting Chef Douglas Rodriguez's forte is blending the diversity of traditional Latin cuisine with modern culinary chic: A celery sorbet cools the spicy-citrus bite of lobster; shrimp seviche and crunchy green plantains coat thick, juicy halibut resting on sweet plantain hash; and tart tomato escabeche moistens a chewy skirt steak.
The perfect meal; delux combo raw bar as an appetizer, King crab as your entree.
Meat wasn't fall-off-the bone (a sign of over-cooking) but was tender and had deep flavor.
The place is very loud, good for drinks by the bar not to eat and yell.
The Scene Less trendy than Plan Eat Thailand, less crowded than Veracruz and infinitely more charming is Bean, a Mexican spot on Bedford Avenue's college-town-like stretch.
I thought the bar was fair in terms of decor, but how long do you have wait at the bar before a bartender with an attitude (he wasn't rude, but not friendly) makes you an awful drink, but food was delightful and music light and tasty as well.
the place looks cool, but the food is not really that good.
Spend your time sitting on one of their couches enjoying a cocktail from the bar.
I will have to say the food was good and the chance to sample wines not often found in other restaurants was a positive but the abyssmal service left a bad taste.
In Short Though it's more of a takeout and delivery operation than a sit-down restaurant, Risotteria does offer eight small tables for those who want to savor their risotto hot off the stove.
The food and cocktails at SushiSamba were very good; however the seating is so tight and uncomfortable and the service so rushed that I will probably never go back.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
This is one of my first dining experiences in NYC when I first moved here 10 years ago, and although Hudson Corner is consistently good, it has gone downhill over the years in both food quality and service!
Food turned out to be descent, but the waitress disappeared from the moment we placed the order untill she came back with the check.
Great deal for lunch; came to something like $11 with tip and tax!
I'd recommend going across the street to Recharge for some healthy burgers and fries before hitting the bar.
Although the homefried potatoes were not worth the plate space, next time I'll ask to substitute a nice salad.
The steaks are just as good, with an assortment of tasty side dishes that make Peter Luger's menu look like the slip in a fortune cookie.
Theme and actors are kinda cool but you are charged some entertainment fee on top of the expensive food and drinks.
Try the Duck Confit Hash (topped with two eggs) or the Beer Battered Fish Chips on the Brunch menu.
The Food This isn't for those on a budget, but portions are generous.
i mean the place was empty and it seemed to take for ever to get food, drink or the check.
The waiter was singing while taking our order- the food arrived 30 minutes later and the food was good, but the mules Frites were cold, the steak had to be returned twice-the spinach looked like it was grass from Union Square park with hunks of garlic in it-totally Unacceptable.
Prices are not cheap, but not expensive but the meal is worth every penny.
The food here is consistently good - the service is not - but it seems that they're getting busier than they can handle, good for them, bad for guests.
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.
I sometimes go here when in the area and though the food is always great, the Basil Chicken and Shrimp Tempura roll in particular, the service has much to be desired.
Enjoy a drink at the bar over fresh shucked oysters.
The concoction was thrown away a mere two blocks from the Bar.
A full bar and a dozen different margaritas attract a happy hour crowd, and a tortilla machine is often surrounded by children watching the dough-to-tortilla transformation.
Their appetizer portions are not huge, just right since the entrees are much larger.
although I don't think there is any beef on the menu (but there is plenty of fish and chicken).
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.
food arrived quickly and was hot and v good, just don't be on a diet if you are going to eat here as no real options for slimmers!!
True, the service is hardly on par with the finer restaurants in NYC, but I go for the energy and the tasty tapas-like seafood treats that are perfect with beer or sake.
I love the food, and have gone back several times, but each time the waitress is a little nastier.
The menu showcases Thai-French favorites: fresh chopped hai (white fish) and salmon with Chinese black olives and basil oil; mussels in coconut-lemon grass broth; and garlicky octopus sauteed with ground pork, broccoli rabe and lime juice.
My friends and I tried practically every strange, inventive dish on the menu, most of which are very tasty.
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.
If you don't mind eating great thai food in a schnazzy ambience with a hop hip lunch crowd, then come on over to SPICE.
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.
If you're tired of the long waits for table at nearby place, then head to Moutarde for a delicious meal that won't keep you waiting.
If you are undecided about which sandwich to choose, go for the Indecision, which is a trio of smaller sandwiches on the menu.
The food is ok, but not worth the prices.
The Food The Korean dishes here are a bit more delicate than the potent fare found 30 blocks north, but the kitchen is hardly pulling its punches.
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.
It appears to be a charming french outdoor bistro, and the food wasn't bad, but the waiters were clearly tired of dealing with tourists, and didn't handle us with care.
Basically the comfort is lacking but the food is the focus.
When the food came, it was almost good, but the lack of AC, bad service, and overall apathetic staff, from the HOST, to the MANAGER to the WAITER, ruined the experience.
Service was a little slow, but going on a Monday night during the Brooklyn Restaurant Week, where 20 bucks each got a friend and I appetizer, entree, and dessert was phenomenal.
The Scene Opened in 1993, Nick's may be the only great pizza place in the city of New York that isn't older than most of the people who eat there.
Sure, the wait was a bit long for a table, but the service was good and the food was pretty good too.
prices were low, you got a good deal, sushi was ok; everybody wins.
My party did not love the meats on the menu maybe the pork dumplings but nothing else.
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.
They need to change the overall decor if they want to get a serious dinner crowd though.
It would have been nice to find that out on the website but it took us an hour of waiting for Godot before calling and being told the news that no lunch was prepared for us.
I love to go there on weekends and have the delicious french toast (made from baguette slices) or the granola with fresh fruit, sometimes I am so torn that I end up getting both!
The atmosphere is still to die for, but the wine list has so clearly been pared down and marked up (as a result of higher foot traffic brought in by lots of rave reviews in local publications, perhaps?
Excellent Steaks, the attitude of the Servers could be a little better but the food makes up for everything.
) The food was good, but not at all worth the price.
The music is a little bit louder, but the food is excellent.
It's sad that everything about this place was great (even the service and decor) except for the steak.
The mole sauce is not too sweet and adds a nice flavor to the otherwise bland chicken.
Food was good but portions were quite tiny.
One of the waitstaff spilled a huge drink on the floor that splattered everyone nearby, no offering of apology was made or to foot the drycleaning bill and no comp was offered either.
went here w/ great expectations and was greatly disappointed; the food was good, not great and vastly overpriced- one salad, two pasta dishes, two demi-carafes of red wine- $100 (tax and tip); rediculous; orechiette came w/ so little brocoli rape that it did not have its characteristic flavor; and it is very very loud.
Between the seven of us we sampled just about everything on the menu, and nothing disappointed (ribs pulled pork seemed like the biggest hits).
The salads were amazing in themselves - mixed greens andtomato wedges in a delicious balsamic vinagrette with slices of Italian bread with warm goat cheese.
Two Tom's food is excellent, it more than makes up for the lack of decor.
If you are looking for service and all the frills $$$ - Il Mulino is the best for both - if you are looking for a fabulous dinner in/out - this restaurant is it!
This newly opened restaurant is another one of those Indian places that has a hugely promising menu and a greatly disappointing food.
If you're looking for barbeque like Dallas BBQ (soaked in sauce from a bottle, generic, homogeneous food) then you won't like Blue Smoke.
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.
The Food The menu includes lovingly made renditions of panini, bruschetta and tramezzini (cocktail-style sandwiches with fillings like tuna with black olive pesto and bresaola with arugula), along with a roster of cured meats, cheeses and olives that have been imported from Italy.
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.
The place is small, but loaded with plenty of goodies that range from Italian inspired treats to Greek pastries all well prepared.
The pizza is thet always fresh and just made they hav an outdoor seating area that is partially covered they also have a full service restaurant on the premises they make everything on premises.
A friend was dieing for chorizo but it was only in the tapas menu which we couldn't have.
They had a prix fixe menu with the most amazing cooked quail appetizer, then lobster bisque, followed by a divine choice of entree, and then the chocolate mousse dessert.
not having a menu was rather strange at first but the food was superb.
Overall, the food makes up for what is missing in the ambience and service.
Instead of being smart business people and treating us as paying customers, we were told they do not serve drinks, only food (only food?
My greek salad cost about $9 and for that price, I would not have expected chopped olive (as opposed to whole), and shredded bits of lettuce.
the soups were superb and only $2 a bowl, and the entire dinner, with beers, cost less than $30 for two people.
Desserts were visually inventive but lacking in flavor.
i recently had brunch at the new hill diner let me tell you it was great.
The head-on shrimps with anchovy butter had me licking the plate.
You can only sit on the stools with a slice, as the main dining area downstairs is for real food.
The wine list didn't look all that great, but there was a very interesting selection of beers on tap.
Unfortunately the food and the service don't live up to the spectacular setting.
Seating is limited, so you will probably want to order take-out, but a better take-out pizza you will not find!
The clientel, however, make it a scene for creative, talented people--inlcuding a soon-to-be-famous theater director who used to waitress there!
We only saw 2 - 3 boring appitizers on the menu and not a lot of choices of meat to select from.
The service may be a little slow (what can you expect in this laid back atmosphere), but a Sunday brunch is a rewarding experience.
The mussels and frits were great, but the host had an attitude and my friends and I waited about 1 1/2 hours to be seated on a random Tues.
While the appetizers I sampled (gnocchi; shrimp wrapped in coconut or somesuch) were not so impressive (the gnocchi portion is meager and overpriced), my table was 100% satisfied with their entrees too.
The bill came out to quite a lot though, considering there were 14 of us some of us ordered way too many drinks.
Many Thais top off spicy dishes with a fried egg, but in many places it's not on the menu and when requested, I will either get charged $1.
It had not been made fresh at the bar, but kept in the freezer till we ordered, they also forgot our soup, kept us waiting for the frozen sushi for close to an hour.
Food was good, but not worth the wait.
A+ for the food but the wait staffs need to educate themselves better.
*Food:Just about anything on the menu, however the sandwhiches are most popular and recommended.
Food and Service of the same high quality elsewhere in NY would have been twice the cost.
Silky black bass with porcini mushrooms carries smoky, earthy and buttery overtones that somehow never overpower the fish, and whole-roasted baby pig includes belly meat, braised for 24 hours in five spice-ginger glaze, and yet the pork flavor is still fully present.
The chips and salsa are good, but the meal is not worth the wait.
The food took forever to come out from the kitchen.
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!
the service was somewhat spotty, but we were rewarded with free drinks and the waiters were all sweet and lovely, genuinely french-speaking but not snooty!
The spaghetti with ricotta cheese is hands down my favorite thing on the menu and I am big fan of the house wine.
) I also noticed the table next to ours didn't enjoy her dish and they went above and beyond to try to make up for it.
What it lacks in decor it more than makes up in the cuisine.
Greek Glasswine is still on menu along side good value bottle selections fromaround the world.
They offer a sushi bar with very fresh fish, and the side dishes are excellent.
you go all out with dress, tastes, and performance, and in the end its really about having a good time where you truly indulge yoursef in good vodka, compnay, music, and food.
There's even a nice menu of savory items served during late lunch and dinner hours.
The only reason they seem to taste so good is because the food is well decorated with its super small portion.
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.
The decor was mediocre and honestly, I can get a better brunch at a Cracker Barrel restaurant.
The cajun food is great but there is something for everyone on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed.
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.
The pancakes I ordered were nothing like the menu's description.
I went to Joy hoping to find some great Indian, but unfotunately found curry that was no better than average.
The food, congeniality, and service have all deteriorated overf the past few years and so the wait is not worth it.
When our first order came, they forgot the torro (which we later learned it was finished for the night.
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
The only drawback was slow service, but the food and ambience are so nice that your wait is A) pleasant and B) worth it.
It's interesting but after eating dinner here once the only thing I remember is that the bar was nice, drinks expensive and food was only average.
why go there to deal with staffs' attitude and eat bad food?
For a menu in a similar price range with some similar items, but mostly unique entrees, try the less formal Toast 13 or so blocks north on the same side of Broadway.
We waited about 10 minutes for a table and enjoyed peanuts and cocktails at the bar (drinks are $3.
The menu is pricey and the food was not tasty - except for the tostones with garlic and oil.
Otoro tuna, gorgeously marbled with fat, is captivating; hamachi sashimi, topped by the chef with a whisper of sea salt and a barely-there squeeze of lemon, creates eye-rolling pleasure.
If you're not looking for a pretentious atmosphere and a restaurant that serves the best steak you've ever eaten.
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.
I went here for a fun dinner with friends - they do not take reservations during the week, but we were seated pretty swiftly for a Friday night, having had a delicious glass of Spanish wine at the bar.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.
Our waiter suggested a fantastic Greek wine that was far less expensive then we were willing to spend.
The food and the value had been ok on our meal, and then after only a little more than an hour, the check was slipped onto the table for our large party, and a few minutes later, waiters began yelling at us to leave.
sam adams on tap, french fries served out of a brown paper bag and a burger cooked perfectly.
The prices are reasonable but they don't have a sushi lunch.
Food is okay for the price, however there is definitely better thai restaurants!!
The whole fish was excellent--not overcooked and served in a light tomato broth.
Sat at the bar and orderd a few appetizers, the humus and cheese plates along with some calamari - all very tasty.
On the other hand, the food was good but not awesome as had been described, furthermore I found the portions fairly small for this type of restaurant.
I'm also a big fan of the chicken pizza on their new bar menu (no bread - weird, huh?
waitress brought different food.
Our waiter recommended thZt we share a few of the appetizers; they were great.
Each dish is carefully prepared and is a tribute to the ingredients being served.
We waited FOREVER for a table and when the appetizers arrived they were cold or frozen in the middle!
My only quibbles are service - which was confused (we waited 10 minutes for menus), and the wine list, which is over-the-top expensive.
With one drink each, apps, entrees, and three desserts (nothing great) the bill came to $200 for four.
Part of the charm is in the earnest service; part of it is the colorful clientele; but the real charm comes from what emerges from the kitchen.
To sum it up, the steak is indeed the best out there, but the servers and especially the hosts are big time jerks.
He prepares the most authentic dishes, I guess that's why the bar is usually filled with Japanese.
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.
For entrees, the Ground Lamb in Spicy Sauce (can't remember the name on the menu) was perfectly cooked and had just enough kick for the average person.
The best tasting pizza by far, a long long wait for service but well worth it.
My dining experience with friends started off very badly - 40 minute wait WITH a reservation and having to repeatedly ask for bread and water - but ended on a better note.
the best thing is the atmosphere, but even that is overshadowed by the lack of taste and originality in the food.
For fun on the run, sip a mojito at the bar while a portrait of the Virgin Mary bizarrely watches over you.
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.
But Bobby Flay really steps up at Bar Americain--his passion and heart shine through the food.
The ravioli was the better of the two, but the serving was tiny, and the skin a bit rubbery.
But the karaoke downstairs is the real draw: You and your friends can sing yourself silly in absolute privacy, for nothing more than the cost of dinner and drinks.
we all liked the brunch items we had but when we later asked if the chips were supposed to come with the meal, the waitress explained it away by saying sometimes they forget instead of apologizing and offering something extra.
Call it a bar with weak but tasty sangria and leave it at that.
The simple menu focuses on standard pies and chicken-centric specialty pizzas--the Hawaiian BBQ, BBQ chicken, and bacon and chicken club--each topped with fresh ingredients like baby portobello mushrooms and roma tomatoes.
The food is simply remarkable as is the fiery female master sommelier!
After the wonderful anipasto tray came, it was 60 minutes before our plates were removed and dinner was brought.
I for one do not plan to go back, there are many other places in Manhattan that have just as good food if not better, at the same prices with much better service.
When we sat, our dinner was delivered promplty (Like FAST) and we had plenty of time to make The Goat, which by the way I also recommend highly (Great Show!
you may have to wait a bit for service but you will not be disappointed with the food.
The fondue was good, but not worth the very expensive price tag.
When we first walked in, we saw other diners wiping their plates with bread- so we though that the food was good -but we very soon realized that the portions really were so small that you really have to lick your plate clean - afterall, their dinners costs a fortune.
South American additions to the menu, like perfectly fried green plantains and garlicky pork, are uniformly successful.
After confronting the counter clerck he assured me the soups would stay warm as long as I wasn't walking 20 minutes to my destination.
Sushi is consistently fresh, service pleasant Sushi rice is a bit hard.
Usually you lose food quality the trendier you go, but not at this place.
The food was good but not worth the price.
It is not a very stylish place, but we had some of the best Chinese food we ever had.
Aged beef charred on the outside, red on the inside.
After a show we had surperb steaks and had cocktails at the bar.
The menu was small, but the food delicious.
It's really great to go in here and be able to get a creative cheap drink (they have things like blueberry mohitos for $4), a $4 plate of veggie spring rolls, and be able to joke with the bartender.
We started with some drinks on the front porch and then continued at our table with a bottle of delicious red wine.
They need to expand the menu some, and offer additional toppings for the pizza.
(They even let us bring our own cake for the event, which many restaurants may not allow you too) They food was good as I only sampled so I can't really comment.
The filet was NOT on the menu, but my friend had the bouillabaisse, which he found delicious.
If it's atmosphere you want go to the River Cafe under the bridges and pay an arm and a leg for hospital-type food.
My friend was looking forward to her favorite dish on the menu had made reservations for the 14 of us a few weeks beforehand.
It's cheesy, great herbs,good bread and large slices But it's in a very dirty area, good for take out and bring it home kind of place.
The steak is brought to the table soaked in grease.
Teenie weenie overpriced appetizers were served at an agonizingly slow pace, one at a time 30 minutes between each.
), but our waiter was had a horrible attitude, couldn't remember to bring lemon for our water, or soy sauce for our sushi rolls, the food was wonderful, but unfortunately the service ruined our visit.
I have never tried anything else on the menu the burgers are so good.
The service sucks every time, but the food is usually tasty, even though the menu leans toward the boring and expected of French fare.
The wait staff were incredibly attentive, though as a warning, if you like wine, but also a little privacy, this might not be a good idea, since they have the tendency to hover a bit.
They crumbed the table once, although it was solied the entire meal.
The seafood is out of this world and priced accordingly.
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.
The waiter ignored us for ten minutes, the restaurant was empty, got our drink orders wrong, got one main dish order wrong and the disappeared for another ten minutes before we could get the check.
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.
The sevice and food were excelent, but at the bottom of the menu were the words, cash only.
The menu, fortunately, matches the other locations, covering the basics of Ethiopian cooking, and includes sambosas, kifto (chopped beef often served raw), tibs (lamb sauteed with rosemary), and, of course, injera, the spongy bread that doubles as a utensil.
All in all, it was a decent meal but dinner for two came to $172 with tip.
The scene is reasonably cool but unworth more than a drink.
I was really excited when our waiter read off the list of specials.
05 bar of melted chocolate in a cup.
The Food Diners are prompted to order several shareable dishes which, considering the food isn't what's drawing most of the crowd, are surprisingly good.
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.
The execution in the dining room was on point and we never had any service or food issues.
FOOD WAS OK,SERVICE NOT SO OK,WAITED FOR THE CHECK WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING,WAITED FOR CHANGE,WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING.
The food at Mercer Kitchen is great, flavorful and nicely portioned.
There is no service at this bar, which means no drinks or food -- ultimately leading to a very frustrating night out, and you end up kicking yourself for not leaving an hour earlier.
The Scene The bruising thoroughfare that is East 57th Street is the last place you'd expect to find an intimate, adorably decorated Northern Italian spot where it's actually possible to have a quiet, pleasant dinner.
i love this pizza, its not greasy or filled with mounds of cheese, its just fresh tomatoes basil and buffalo mozz.
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.
Although the food what adequate, the service was preposterous.
Food again was not just a name on the menu but very well made and fresh.
So, if you don't care about speedy service, go; but if you aren't in the habit of lighting your cigarette with twenties, avoid the tapas.
Our server spilled a drink on the table cloth and it was cleaned up in an instant, no mess, free drinks to compensate, and left us impressed at how seamlessly this was fixed.
The food is consistantly great, but the wait is often long and the noise is often deafening.
We were seated fastly enough, and ordering was painless, but I got the wrong appetizer, we both received the same item instead.
Nonetheless, it's an excellent pie -- and don't let the long lines scare you off -- they keep them moving.
Across the menu, and even within a single dish, there is a stunning variety of scintillating, distinct flavors.
They may love the wacky/tacky decore, the overly gracious host, Gus, and his staff, the loads of freebies (oranges, cookies, lollies and wet naps), but the food is just mediocre.
The margaritas were mediocre, but it did not make up for the muzak they played in the resturant nor the bad food and drink they served.
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.
sushi portions were bigger than most places and service was average, far better options available in the area.
I always thought the food was decent, but not spectacular and the price fair, but no bargain.
the waitress was not attentive at all and we had to keep getting the attention of the water servers to get more drinks.
I would not suggest dining here unless you get a different server.
I will say that often times they make their drinks very strong (may tell your bartender / waitress to keep it mild).
The food is worth going for, but the boys in behind the bar in the lounge are what keep me coming back!
too bad that the 2 sushi chefs have become a bit too busy to chat away with the guests at the counter, but they try and hey, we are here for the food !!!
I tried almost everything on the menu, but my fav is the pumkin raviloi, too bad it's only seasonal.
It was more than enough food even though the portions are tiny.
The bill came out to like $100pp, and noone touched their food, and drinks were left untouched because after the first bite/sip you want to never touch it again.
The ensuing dinner was definitely worth the wait; I'll be dreaming about chef Jodi Williams' extraordinary fried squash blossoms for a long time.
Beers on tap were pretty good and we had a great waiter but the food left much to be desired.
DINERS serve better french toast than Balthazar.
That's almost enough to prove its legitimacy to me, but eating there, both for a quick slice and sit-down for pasta with my family has always been a delicious, inexpensive and fun experience.
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.
Yellowtail tuna carpaccio, lightly dressed with a hint of mint, sings of summer, and crab salad partnered with sweet-hot mango mustard and greens hits all the right flavor notes.
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.
The service was average and the tables are really close together (but who cares when the food is this good).
In Short This restaurant, an offshoot of the celebrity-besieged East Hampton eatery of the same name, is enlivened by a copper-topped bar, an on-display wood-burning oven and a royal blue oceanic mural running along its walls.
The Food Recalling an era of calorie-defying decadence--hard liquor, red meat, cigars and mammoth portions--gluttony is the operative word here.
Personally, I like my food fresh, so you just have to tell the waiter that you would like to order by ear.
It's called OYSTER BAR, and yet no oyster selection at all!
The menu was filled with of course the standard sushi fair, but the real gem was the unuusal and creative combinations of sushis and sauces and other ingredients they had as well.
Not the most adventurous nor exquisite food, but generous portions (at least, on the 3-course prix fixe) that were faultlessly executed, complemented by a varied wine list ranging from that special bottle for a celebratory splurge to excellent choices under $50.
The only redeeming factor of the night was the dessert which was very good but certainly not worth the cost of an overall horible experience.
So are cooked plates: Marinated Kobe beef practically melts on its skewers, soy-buttered scallops collapse with sweet brine and Chawanmushi custard, quivering in eel-soy broth with black truffles and foie gras, is over the top.
-the bread served was cold  -the choices for restaurant week was very slim (no meat dish except pork) -there were no chef's treats or delights -the food was ok but not up to the quality expected There are more exciting, romantic restaurants in the city to visit.
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.
it is too bad because the food, ambiance, and drinks were great but they need serious help on the service.
Hey - What better excuse to sit at the bar and try another one of their fantastic drinks.
Hunan Delight has one page in their menu full of Vegetarian dishes.
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!
All the dishes that we had at our table were consistently good, although not great (nor poor, either).
No specials and no crab limited the menu choices, and the toast for my (very average) foie gras arrived 5 minutes after the rest of the food, and was cold and burnt.
The worst occasion, and the final straw for me was when myself and four friends were told that we could have a table if we moved away from our stools at the bar.
Servers are layed back, but food arrives rapidly.
Wine has had C-Tails at the bar(SUPRISE!!!)
Xunta's tapas dishes were great though a little pricey for small plates.
Their Billy-Cheese steak sandwich is very good, too, but last I was there it wasn't on the menu, at least not for dinner anyway.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
I've eaten at this Zen Palate location a few times, and each time have had the same reaction- I feel the food's sub-par, but decide to give it another chance and order something else.
Diners at the bar watch busy chefs scoop lobster salad onto warm brioche rolls.
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch.
My vegetable Napoleon was good; although i first got the veggie burger because the waitress mis-heard and stood my friend up for another 15 minutes of waiting to have it served.
You can undoubtedly get better food and service for the price at other places, but certainly not with those views!
I have no complaints about the wait or the service but the pizza was not at all something to write home about.
and you have to order through a pane of bulletproof glass, but the fact of the matter is, after a night of hard drinkin', college style, nothing hits the spot like a big box of inexpensive chicken and fries.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
after such a strong showing, dessert was a letdown per our waiters recommendation, we ordered the raspberry softie the coconut-stuffed apricots the softie tasted like a mixture between cough syrup a starburst, whereas the apricots were extremely sour.
While the place looks rather small and undecorated, I will definitely go back just for the food.
I love the complimentary hot salsa and fresh chips that they put on the table !
After ordering our food was brought to our table very quickly despite the huge crowd.
I guess Mars 2112 keeps the food bland for the family fare, but it only serves to detract from its overall experience.
We had a plate of smoked meats, some stinky cheeses (that's how they were described on the menu), delicious marinated anchovies, and crostini with various vegetable toppings.
I like to drink a variety of teas, but I've had some here that are really weird that I would avoid next time.
Sit at the bar, order a glass of wine, and grab an appetizer: they'll also bring you olives, parmesan cheese, a huge loaf of delicious bread and 3 dipping sauces.
The journey may be long and the wait may be longer, but there is nothing that could keep me from this pizza.
My friend ordered the scallops which were served in a light red sauce that was complemented very nicely with atichoke palms.
Instead of going to a fun lounge after dinner, as planned, everyone had paid so much, that we went to a dive bar for the rest of the night for cheap drinks.
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.
Bar has, french fries, bunch of different vegs and fruits, sushi, ribs (not great, wait for the waiters that come around with the meat).
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.
As for the food, apart from the Chef's Omakase, the appetizers and rolls are just below mediocre for the price they charged.
I went on a Saturday night on the recommendation of the new General Manager, Mike who also did Cheetah Club and Le Souk.
I definitely liked the vibe in the restaurant - the food is good with enough variety to please everyone - i'd say the portions were quite skimpy where it counts - meat whether fish or steak- and for those prices this is very irksome.
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.
Summary good service, bad food!
People will literally spend their entire lunch break waiting and for what - an average fastfood burger.
The Food Brasserie favorites are prepared by the book: Onion soup gratinee bubbles with a thick layer of Gruyere cheese, and grilled shell steak is served medium-rare, with a side of crisp shoestring potatoes.
There's very little on their menu if you're trying to avoid cheese and oil - not many grilled entrees at all.
The entree menu is not diverse, but the items on it are all very good.
The bar bites weren't anything special (we had calamari and wings, very ordinary), but our dinner was phenomonal, as was our service.
95 all-you-can-eat lunch is tooted as a good deal but a the ambiance is dreadful and you can get a terrific meal, also kosher vegetarian, in peace with service just around the corner for $2 more.
The place was very crowded usually it is a good indication that the food would be worth the delay.
The menu has many dishes that one can't find anywhere in the city.
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.
The food is really great but the service is absolutely horrible!
My next thought was god i could use a few drinks and a bathroom.
One of our diners didn't like her fish and both the waitress and the manager insisted on replacing it.
The tables weren't bussed and they forgot to make my chai tea, which wasn't all that delicious, not was my friend's coffee.
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.
the staff is great, but the food is just ok.
Bringing a large group on a busy Saturday night ,I was afraid quality of food and service might not be up to par, but we were seated promptly and the service by our waitress was fantastic considering how busy it was.
After 45 mins of waiting in an sans air conditioned bar, we grew tired of paying for over-priced drinks.
PLUS the best wine can be found in the bar but they refused to sell us a bottle!!
It's very cheap, food is great you can bring your own bottle of wine (saves sooo much money) The waiters will uncork it bring you glasses too !
The Scene Inconspicuous Bottino is an ideal stop for a light lunch or full dinner while gallery-hopping through Chelsea.
On the menu, there are many inexpensive snacks, drinks and meals to choose from.
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.
I especially love the korean dish's they add into there menu consider its 2 for 1 its hard not to resist with asian cuisine being so expensive in all in New York.
While the people here were nice and the service was very good, the food was not very good - it was extremely greasy, the place did not offer alternatives such as egg whites and PAM spray instead of oil, coffee was average Crystal Rock Office Flavored Coffee - not the good coffee.
great trendy spot for a night out but to be honest the food was not worth the cost.
I would have told the wait staff if anyone had asked me if I enjoyed my meal, but no one asked.
Our apetizers took quite a while to be served, in fact, while all the other tables that sat way after us were being served I asked the waiter what happened to our appetizers, the calamari was tough; The entrees were tasteless and really!, one have to be really bad to mess a simple pasta dish.
Although the atmosphere was lacking, I could definitely recommend a trip to Esca for the fish alone!
Though it might be a wait and the service might leave a little to be desired, anyone that has ever eaten there agrees that the food is worth it.
Best Baked Ziti in the area, great classic NY pizza.
Much has been made of Island's lack of french fries--space and cost are cited on the menu--but an order of thick crispy salt and vinegar chips almost satisfies the craving.
mapQuest before you go and you'll arrive early enough start off at the bar with a fabulous old school cocktail.
The white tablecloths covering closely-packed, old wood tables; waitresses with accents and up-turned noses; warm firelight ambience; boisterous crowds drinking wine -- it's all here.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
Though the service leaves a lot to be desired, and the waitstaff runs around like chickens without heads, the beer is cold, the sake is hot, and the sushi is out of this world!
Our waiter said 3 words to us, wisked away our food as we were finishing, and the maitre'd could not take his eyes off our table waiting for us to leave.
I spent more time looking for a waiter than I did enjoying my meal.
You get plenty of food for the price, enough leftovers for lunch and they actually serve garlic chicken with lots of chicken and chinese vegetables.
The freshness of the ingredients down to the perfection of the crust, it is truly the best.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.
The food was good but we were dissatisfied with waiting too long for a uncomfortable table.
I asked the waiter to move us to another table because we didn't want to rush our meal.
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
The menu offers favorites from all over China: mellow Lake Tung-Ting shrimp from Hunan; peppery Sichuan tofu with minced pork; and Shanghainese soups with pickled mustard greens.
The service could be better but the management (Mariano) is quite helpful if there are any problems.
Their service can use a little assistance, but their food is great.
I told the waiter that my drink tasted very bad and asked if he could swap it out for a Petron Margarita.
You have to wait in line most of the time, but the burgers are worth it and the beer is cheap.
Maybe it was the choices the chefs had put on the Restaurant Week Menu, but much of our food was just so-so.
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.
Don't know if the bar is really that bad, BUT the food would more than compensate!
Our food was delivered in a timely fashion but if you wanted another drink or your check you had to hunt down your server.
Generous portions of rice porridge and noodles really hit the spot after fighting the crowds on a busy weekend in Chinatown.
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!
We waited 30 minutes to be seated, 40 minutes for water, bread, menus, 30 more for wine and soft drinks and when the food finally arrived an hour later, it was inedible, burned on top from sitting under a heat lamp.
The food is very good for the price.
I've heard all the complaints about food and staff at this place, and perhaps some people have had an unfortunate encounter with the host or a cranky waiter.
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.
They have a lot of beautiful clientele, gay and straight, plus you#146;ll spot random famous actors on occasion.
I left feeling unsatisfied, except for having a nice chance to people watch in the cozy atmosphere with my over-priced pasta bolognese.
I had dinner with a few of my friends, and it was the best we've had in a long time.
Their bagels have the perfect softness to them, but on the outside there's a bit of crispiness to give it a bit of texture.
our appetizers came out relatively quickly, but it was near impossible to get a hold of a waiter to order and get our drinks.
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.
If you're going to label spicy items on your menu as spicy (like the Buffalo and Cajun wraps), I think you should go ahead and label all the spicy items as spicy.
Our booth style seats would've been more romantic if our waitress, though nice, was less intrusive, and the loud music from its bar didn't filter thru so much.
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.
Staples are available every which way--tacos hard and soft, wrapped in tortillas stuffed with guacamole, cheese or black beans; burritos of beef, breaded catfish, pork pipian and chipotle chicken; plus a choice of four sauces from mild to just plain stupid.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
There are a few chefs who aren't very enthusiastic and not very theatrical, but the end product is always great food.
The crust was a crispy tan dream come true with those little blackened air bubbles and chewy center.
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.
My only complaint is that the place is over crowded on weekends, but that's the price you pay for having such great food.
The Food In a health-conscious century, it's as likely to be the pub grub as it is the booze that does you in.
But the food here is excellant and there are just too many appetizers (in the traditional custom of Korean restaurants) to sample.
The smell near the bar is unbearable, the food is so so, nothing out of the norm, just very plan.
This happened while many diners were enjoying their meal and it was rudes.
The food and wine selection is superb and the chef brings it all together each and every time.
A friendly staff works the room, delivering favorites like crisp, crackling spring rolls and shredded pork rolls wrapped in rice paper.
They gave us desert menus but never came back for a desert order, instead we had to ask for the check and a bus boy retreived it for us.
The french fries are soggy, the service is so/so and while it looks like a cute little homestyle cafe you'd find in SF, the food is below average.
B/c the dinner focused on good friends and good food, not waiting around for service or being bothered by rude staff to leave.
(Though the filet won't be enough if both have hearty apitites.
The prices were moderate for fine dining, and although the restaurant is relatively small, it was easy to have a quiet conversation even though the tables are fairly close together.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining, expert / attentive table service and a delectable cuisine.
Generally, the food was fine, but the table is too small to eat comfortably.
Food presented well and the service once we were seated was great but we had a long wait for our table (about half an hour) even though I had pre-booked.
Their delivery of fresh hot pizza.
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
Went to Brasserie for restaurant week dinner and maybe it was the menu but the food was very bland and it was something that I could have eatten at home.
Zero decor, this is not a date place--just a great place to get a quick, tasty and cheap meal.
Don't let the ambiance of this place fool you, the food is far better than many pricey establishments.
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.
The food is not five star but the prices reflect that.
Obviously we did not get right service and nobody said soory for that and other restaurant guests who came after us got quicker dish than us.
I won't even wait for an hour and a half when I don't have reservations, but the hostess and the pompous maitre d' just jerked me around and kept on promising me that I'd be the next to be seated.
Went to Chow Bar for dinner, I thought it was kind of pricey, but the food and the service was good - but it wasn't incredibly busy, so maybe they just had more free time to devote to us.
I love the food here, and although it is pricey, the entree comes with rice, naan, dal, and salad, which makes it worthwhile.
the food at pongal is average, the rava masala dosa is much better at madras mahal (a few doors down) and certainly the service at pongal is the worst among the indian restaurants along that block.
As expected, the wine list is as thoughtful as the menu the staff has earned my trust with their bullet-proof recommendations I have yet to be disappointed from their exhaustive list.
The ambiance and service is great but I wish I could say the same about the food.
The food is just ok, not at all worth having to put up with the disgusting staff, the manager/owner in particular.
Our waiter never once asked how everything was, as I suspect he knew the kitchen was producing seriously average food.
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.
The Food When the counter guy asks, Would you like better fries with that?
Good wines under $100 are included in the predominantly French list, but take some ferreting out to find.
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion.
Half the menu is comprised of original creations while the other half consists of unique slants on orthodox cuisine such as the single super-sized gnocchi with cinammon.
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!
After reading the negative sushi reviews, my boyfriend and I opted for their Korean fare.
The pancakes were good, but don't have blueberry pancakes on the menu of you are not able to produce more than three tiny blueberries in each pancake.
The food was good but our waiters were pushy,rude and dumb.
I would wait for a table next time, the food was that good.
decent, if greasy, fishsticks, but served on a mound of soggy fries that could feed about 5-6 people!
The Filet Mignon is awesome, along with everything else on the menu.
Pork chops is probably the best choice on the menu.
Ofcourse the restaurant is new and perhaps they have some kinks to work out, but it for the same price you can get a higher caliber brunch at Banania or Cafe Luluc on Smith St.
Having heard that the steakhouse had a tendency to overcook the steaks, I asked the waitress that she ask the chef to prepare it closer to rare than medium.
the manager was nice profecional and service was average but the food was not italian, a diner is better, try po'
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
The food is above average, though the portions a tad small, even for tapas; but they more than make up for it with their wonderfull mojitos.
The service was attentive but overdone for the tiny and very ordinary setting and poor food.
Had the calves liver alla veneziana in a fine rich and complex sauce with perfectly fried onions.
Sure the service isn't the best but the food is tasty and the prices are great.
I ordered the flounder special - the fish was fresh but the dish lacked flavor.
After ordering a good amount of sushi the waiter asked me if that was all I wanted.
The menu is an exact replica of its sister location in New Mexico - right down to the Frito Pie (don't knock it till you've tried) and a killer array of margaritas.
Sit at the bar and eat here regularly and the sushi chef who is also the owner will hook you up the best cuts of fish.
I used to love the Dog but now its become a metling pot of really undesirable people.
We placed a delivery order - 2 pastas and a caprese and they took and 1 1/2 to get here and the food was inedible when we received it.
The appetizers are really pricey particularly once you see the size (or lack thereof).
Service was a treat from my French (Canandian)waiter who knows more about wine than anyone waiting on me in NYC in a long time.
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.
The menu of Afghani favorites includes mantoo, the spicy beef dumplings in yogurt sauce; chicken with walnuts and pomegranate juice; saffron-marinated filet mignon; grilled Cornish game hen; meat and fish kebabs in various combinations; and a number of vegetarian rice- and bean-based dishes.
Affordable starters comprise most of the menu: Cheese plates with sweet-sour chutneys, spicy lamb-stuffed fried olives and plump mussels baked under saffron-herb breadcrumbs are addictive, but signature tigelle panini fixings shouldn't be missed.
Nothing too special about the location or the atmosphere, but DAMN, the pizza is good.
Overall, cute place with poor service, and even worse food.
As for price, there are plenty of Shanghai restaurants in Chinatown that are just as inexpensive with better food and without a doubt much better customer service.
Although, a limited menu, we had no trouble picking out our delicious meal.
It's got funky, fun furniture and a round bar at the front, which is convenient for those waiting to be seated and be prepared to wait for a while, if you don't have reservations.
The waiters are sometimes grouchy and the decor doesn't change, but the food is always delicious and satisfying.
The owner roasts his own meats and makes fabulous and interesting sandwiches--the house-roasted ham with celery-root salad and tomatoes on a baguette deserves a prize.
First had a cheese platter at the bar and then enjoyed a nice dinner with friends.
The food is so good that there tends to be a little bit of a wait.
When we finally got our waiters attention - and explained to him we were unhappy with our entrees, his demeanor changed completely, he took our dishes and walked away without taking another order for us or asking if he could get us anything else.
They have a great selection of wines, and have recently expanded with a Wine Bar around the corner that's accessible through the main dining room.
For the price ($8), the quality of the buffet is great!
Although we didn't have a reservation, my husband and I enjoyed the food and drinks at the kitchen side seating.
As we were wrapping up a very rushed meal--appetizers were barely started when the entrees arrived crowding a table for two at which three were crammed--the hostess charged over and grabbed a half-full wine glass declaring thanks ladies, I'll get your check.
My party got the dessert sampler which included 6 highlights from the dessert menu--each of which were worth the price of the three course meal ($90 per person with margaritas, tax, and tip).
The decor is a little plain and the seating is a touch too close but its worth it for the food.
Snack on a bowl of fried chickpeas while you browse the menu, then move onto the tender lamb skewers, which arrive atop a slab of French bread, perfectly poised to catch the meat's sweet drippings.
The place is hip and the decorations funky, but the food is lacking.
i would not go after the early bird b/c its not worth it, find better food for full prices.
The food at Forest Hills was great, the service more than perfect, but but the ambience was too hot they do not have AC and the employes was sweating a lot , it was a nasty esxperience because I eat in front of the service that was sweating like animals.
The menu goes on to include some of traditional greek favorites but each has a twist that will suprise and delight you.
if you do though just wait at the bar (yummy drinks!
IT'S GREAT COFFEE BUT THE SERVICE IS SERVED WITH BIG TIME ATTITUDE.
The tables are a little too close together, but when the food is this good it's difficult to be distracted.
The presentation of some of the dishes and desserts were great but taste and quality of the food was sub-par especially for the prices that we were paying.
The margaritas took me on an instant vacation, and although there was a bit of a wait for a table, the food was well worth it.
The food did come out quickly and was good, but not worth the prices or the wait.
The main floor space is lovely, but cavernous (which means *VERY* noisy), so our server was especially patient with us since we couldn't hear each other or her half the time.
The daily fresh fish can be remarkably good, served in a variety of combinations, ranging up to the omakase chef's choice dinner.
I love the creative rolls that they have on their menus, and none of them were a disappointment.
When I went in for dinner this Sunday, after a 2 month absence, I noticed their addition of table cloths, which really add to the ambiance and I noticed that their wine list has been expanded.
If you want great Italian food, fairly price, good service, in Brooklyn, a couple of subway stops from Union Square,(where you should complain about the prices) go to Al Di La.
The centerpiece of the menu is a range of sushi and sashimi sets: standard pieces and rolls that are adequately fresh and reliable.
Try a traditional latin favorite like Arroz con pollo (yellow rice w/ chicken red bell pepper) but meat lovers should definitely not miss out on the churrasco!
ASK for spice adjustments or for special orders, if you think you'll need them, BUT most dishes are GREAT as the staff prepares them.
Even though the food was prepared nicely, it was definitely lacking flavor.
Where else can you go to get freshly made Italian food at ridiculously low prices?
Caffeine addicts will have to find their fix elsewhere as coffee is curiously not on the menu, but the Singha beer and decent wine list more than compensates.
The drinks are just as expensive as the chain coffee houses.
They draw you in with a fancy looking decore which obviously cost a mint, ply you with overpriced wines (one bottle I knew was a 6$and they had the nerve to charge 40) This place sufferes from the same problem Areos does, it rests on its reputation.
This place is so unexpected, just a tiny little bar, but it serves dinner and even a really good weekend brunch.
Food was ok, but not worth the 1 hour wait (we sat down an hour after our reservation time) If you are going to make people wait a LONG time, then at least build a bigger bar.
The mussles had be be a portion of maybe 8-9 mussles only and the gnocci were basically all garlic- garlic is just meant to be a condiment- way tooo much garlic.
In Short Take a quick trip to Maine at this classic lobster pound where the outdoor picnic tables are the prime seats in summertime.
Our server was just fantastic, she recommended that we order a lot of different dishes, so we did, we tried almost everything on the menu, we were a party of six and the whole group enjoyed everything.
The chorizo was a memory and sounded better on the menu.
The singing wait staff are great, the food is just awful!!
I can only speak as a non-Indian, since we both come from an originally American palate, but Indian cuisine, both Northern and Southern, is my favorite non-Western cuisine, and I'm always on the prowl for something delicious and worth the price.
The service was very good, although the food was mediocre.
better for dining with friends/significant others.
i won't be going back, and i'll tell all my friends not to go--you guys could have the best mussels in the whole world, but that waitress must be keeping a lot of customers away.
The food was so not Shanghai, but apparently those in the crowded dining room and waiting for tables wouldn't know the difference.
I'll give it to Sea; the decor is pretty cool and the food was good, but the service was beyond terrible!
The wine list is good, and overall it is not too expensive, though, and the atmosphere is very dark and brick-covered, much like any damp basement.
Compared to New York prices, the menu seems reasonably priced (it is not cheap like Fridays, but is reasonable compared to top quality food experiences in this city).
We were so excited since I was reading great review of this place, however we were disappointed with the taste of the food.
The food was average; I could have had a better meal at the local pizza place.
While the service and setting were average, the food was excellent.
I was shocked to have gotten no apology from the management, and to top it off were charged for the drinks we had while patiently waiting for food that never arrived.
A basic sandwich/burger menu is also served for pre-ice cream nourishment--just always remember to leave room for dessert!!
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.
Food was fresh yet dull, especially for the price ($12-14 appetizers; $22-$27 entrees).
Noodle soup quantities are huge - so don't go for the rest of the menu - the rest are at par with the rest of Chinatown.
After arriving for a pre-theatre reservation to find the kitchen closed due to a mechanical failure, the problem was fixed an hour later (after many drinks at the bar, none of which management offered as a concession to the wait) and we were served a very good dinner in time to make the play.
Also, overheard gent at the next table complaining to the manager about his food.
The was very little if any seasoning on the meat, and the outsiside has nice sear marks and a rich taste.
In fact, you can't really say you've arrived in this town until you've scored a table here and made the pilgrimage to east Harlem for luscious pastas and chicken in vinegar and lemon.
Space is teeny tiny so waiting at the bar meant getting poked and bumped repeatedly, but hostesses were nice and wine selection was ample.
Don't bother looking at a menu- Shrimp cocktail, steak for 1,2,3, or more, creamed spinach and hash browns, and save room for the pecan pie and cheese cake, and don't forget the SCHLAG!!!!
Sure, the hostess can be rude, but when in the mood for authentic Mexican food, there is no better place in NYC, yet.
The place was extremely busy, and with food like this why not.
cool new cocktails, amazing apps, we were seated on Chefs Table for dinner ;) All ten of us were extremely comfortable, where the Chef came personally and we had special dishes that were pre-decided by my cousin for his party.
Those of you who are sick of the standard Italian fare will be blown away by the food at Arezzo.
I will be back not only because the price was so unbelievable but the atmosphere was just plain COOL and the food was spectacular.
The tables are too close together and it's awkward to get up and down without disturbing the folks next to you, but the food is still the best around.
We get treated very well and before we sit down to our steaks and fried green tomatoes that we love there - we have a few beers at the bar.
Still the bill was close to $300(with 1 bottle of lower-priced wine).
Been here a few times and food has always been good but service really suffers when it gets crowded.
I could not believe how much food they brought out to the table!
Get plenty on food for the price.
The drinks are very pricey and small, and the food is ok - but the portion size for the price is outrageous.
Go in, take a deep breath and expect great food, fairly priced with just about the worst service in North Jersey!
Great for those hungover mornings when you need a decent pint and delicious, homemade food that will tide you over for the whole day.
the food sounded good enough on paper, with lots of clever names and interesting choices, but once we bit in, the dishes were all pretty bland.
Although the food was great, the service was so bad that I can't see myself ever returning.
When I went for sunday brunch, not only was the food bland and cold, they didn't even bother to clear the plates once they brought the bill.
I have never had a bad meal or service (on a couple of occasions I waited past my reservation time).
We went again and sat at the bar this time, I had 5 pints of guinness and not one buy-back, I ordered a basket of onion rings and there were about 5 in the basket, the rest was filled with crumbs, the chili was not even edible.
The food was good, but it's not worth the wait--or the lousy service.
It does get crowded with plenty of blue shirted cigar smoking wannabes, so make a reservation.
The Scene This stylish, golden-hued noodle house spiffs up a dull stretch of Sixth Avenue with a crowd ranging from Japanese visitors to NYU students taking advantage of full-flavored, sustaining soups at bargain prices.
It is so difficult to choose a favorite on the menu, because the bolognese, the salmon, the chicken with mushroom, and the telephono are all too good to rank.
The drinks, served with a little extra in the shaker, anticipate the aptly executed menu, which emphasizes comfort foods of a bygone era--veggies, for example, include crisp Brussels sprouts, shredded beets and bubbling-hot scalloped potatoes.
The atmosphere was wonderful, however the service and food were not.
Don't know about the rest of the food, but the burgers are one of New York's hidden treats.
The drinks were really good- albeit a bit weird served out of baby bottles.
The space is a bit cramped and the waitress seemed to avoid eye contact at all costs, however, I would recommend you go just for the food.
for instance, i sat next to this couple who experienced problems with their food and the asked to speak to a manager.
The piano guy isn't there all the time, but when he is it's a great addition to the meal.
The brasserie-style menu remains relatively unchanged, featuring classic bistro choices like frisee salad with bacon, blue cheese and a poached egg, steak tartare, moules and steak frites, and various burgers and sandwiches.
i got a steak special that was way overpriced ($12 more then the steak on the menu and no warning from the waitress) and it was cooked to the wrong temperature.
This set off our critical eye: ceramic bowls having edges higher than the table votives hid the fact that the food was presented cafeteria-style; a rolling-eyed waiter pushing water; the awkward Italian menue gimmick; and the bill.
Fried appetizers, tuna steak and other dishes are also available, as well as an assortment of sakes, graphed on the menu according to flavor components.
the service was horrible then and the food was decent.
The place is not meant for in house dining, but if you want to grab a meal on the go, this is the perfect choice.
Yes it's pricey for counter service, sawdust floors and deafening chatter but the pastrami makes it all worth it.
For the prices, the food is decidedly lackluster, and the service, unless you are a regular, can be quite rude.
The only saving grace is the sweet tea - but even that isn't worth the wait.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
I especially recommend ordering the duck, foie gras, and beef cheeks although it's probably hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.
Sure, the burgers are good, but not good enough to make up for the abominable service and disgusting, filthy atmosphere.
The brunch entrees were shockingly overpriced, even for the area, and especially given the food quality.
Upon walking in and noticing the exposed red brick wall and the white tableclothes and and huge rack of various wines behind the bar, I felt like I was in a truly authentic Italian restaurant.
I went here all 4 years that I lived in the area, and being a not-so-loaded student, it was a great place to go for some good sushi and a very pleasant comforting atmosphere.
The Food Though much of the menu draws from border countries with the likes of pasta, cordon bleu and schnitzel, dishes that involve cheese are best.
D, who can't decide on a single dish, the tapas menu allowed me to express my true culinary self.
The food was good overall, but unremarkable given the price.
overall the food we ordered (pancit luglug, chicken adobo, romy's ribs, lumpia shanghai, a bowl of green soup that resembles the polyjuice potion harry potter drank) was not screaming with taste.
The Food There's a Mediterranean bent to the menu--hummus, babaganoush and stuffed grape leaves are offered, as well as Moroccan chicken and spicy Merguez lamb sausage.
The last time I was there (last week) our food took a little too long and a manager promptly apologized and offered to comp our desserts (not expected but appreciated).
Try the Bocadillos to start and don't forget to order a Mojito from the bar (they're the best!
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
sort of crouched in a chair, leaning over a table, while someone did that obnoxious karate chop sort of thing on her back for way too long.
Service was fine and the food delivered in reasonable time given the crowd, but for the price I was disappointed.
The baked penne came out in a small bowl, burnt with barley any sauce for $18.
Waited for a table, got disgusting martinis at the bar, and sat down.
If you order the platters all of your typical Indian side items are included so it is a good value.
(And the mixed steamed seafood appetizer took *forever* to arrive -- apparently the oysters here are shucked by machine, and they only have one shucker, so if more than one table orders anything off of that section of the menu, you'll be waiting a while.
I came to celebrate finishing my third year of med school and was greatly disappointed by the way I was treated at the door (rude and terse), the food (mediocre), and the ambiance (very loud, crowded, and uncomfortable close to our neighbors despite the large room).
The food is pretty good, but the staff would rather be anywhere than waiting tables at Maison.
Between the 6 of us we tried almost everything on the menu and we were all very pleased with our meals.
71 Irving's coffee is not only delicious but also consistently delicious.
I love it at lunch time, less expensive, excellent food, awesome people-watching (Hi, Regis who is right next to our table) and really nice and airy in the summertime when they open the windows.
The sandwiches from the take out window are delicious too.
You're not going there for the decor you're going there for the best freeking pizza on the face of this earth and I garuntee you Dom delivers big time!
We took seats at the bar with 2 amazing bottles of wine (one for the appetizers and one to match the entrees) Monsieur Zucco was very accomodating and kept a sharp eye at filling our glasses at the right time at the right level.
Once the food came, we could not eat because we did not have the little plates for the soy sauce.
I had the first pasta listed on the menu and it left me craving the taste again for days after.
To elaborate; the menu is written in French but the dishes themselves are something that your - enthusiastic yet talentless boyfriend - might muster up for you, leaving you looking concerned for his love for you.
True, the ambiance is something out of Goodfellas, but it the food and waiters are out of this world!
This has to be the HUGEST steak I've ever seen and the value here is OUTRAGEOUS.
calle ocho is definitely high on my list, the food and mojitos are excellent (the sangria is a miss, flor de sol has much better sangria) but the service leaves much to be desired.
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, and everything on it is satisfyingly savory, such as a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine-and-garlic broth); beef stewed with beer and prunes; and a juicy croque monsieur.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Self-important people, please stay at home and cook and dump as much parmesan on as you like.
It took us about 30 minutes to get seated, the burgers came without lettuce, they brougt us the wrong drinks, and the flavor of the burgers were below average.
We were so irritated about how horrible the food was, we didn't stick around to hangout at the bar.
I was lured in by the fact that they have soy options for almost everything that includes dairy on the menu, as well as tofu subs for eggs; It is hard to find mexican tinged food with an optional vegetarian slant.
I don't even think I would have minded waiting at the bar for over an hour if it weren't so crowded and if they had little tapas for the hungry people forced to wait!
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
No matter what you order, you're almost certain to get so much food you'll be leaving with a doggie bag.
The handwritten menu makes me think the choices change frequently -- we started with pumpkin fritters and then had bunny rabbit and sea bass cakes.
Besides, vegetarian or not, there are always ways to liven up food without compromising the healthy aspect.
The raspberry/marscapone-stuffed pancakes are so divine it's actually worth putting up with the rude and incompetent service.
Good food, but they could expand their desert menu.
Zippier palates share sesame-fried lobster spring rolls, shrimp dumplings with citrus soy, and inventive maki, like the smoky and sweet filet mignon-pineapple variety.
Includes a diverse array of entrees ranging from Boar (prepared in your choice of either the French or Asian tradition), Mussels, or Pad Thai that grace the menu all at once, each one prepared in a distinctly different and delicate sauce.
Sure, you can sit back and watch the celebrites pour in, or sit at the bar, and watch true masters create old world sushi, and new world rolls.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The raw bar that we were served was abyssmal, and our dinners of salmon (mine overcooked) and chicken (hers, very bland) weren't much better.
go there and get really good food, just don't expect to get out of there quickly and when the server comes to your table ask for everything you'll be needing for the rest of the evening.
The only thing I didn't like was the bread that came to the table before dinner.
the place is small but everything else is 'big' in terms of quality variety and smiles of the wait service.
The kitchen finds success with classics like a homemade, cognac-rich duck terrine and well-seasoned steak frites (although the fries tend to be heavily salted).
I went with two friends and had the smores bar - two yummy chocolate chip cookies with marshmallows and chocolate melted between, and they serve it piping hot!
The ambience is stunning and the food is really good, but the portions are RIDICULOUSLY small.
I had oysters for my appetizer and the Turbot with a delicate creamy lemon sauce with a hint of dill for dinner.
fish was fresh enough, but the quality was only so-so (the salmon was especially sinewy).
I don't claim to know enough about authentic Italian cuisine but the food is good, provided they have the menu item you order.
Still my favorite part of the restaurant and bar adjacent are the drinks.
The decor is nothing great to speak of, but who cares - the food is top notch.
From the opera playing in the background, to Emilio, the owner wishing everyone a good meal, this should be the highest rated Italian restaurant in the city.
I am allergic to certain types of foods and he was very knowledgeable about the menu and brought our drinks and food very fast.
The appetizer came out cold and the waiter came and took it to the kitchen.
If you happen to catch it when no one else is there, sit down at the table, get a tea and try the coconut cake.
The staff were very friendly, the prices were relatively average, not bad, and the food was great.
the food isn't spectacular, but I have yet to be disappointed in anything I've been served, and there's a definite attempt by the kitchen to keep the menu fresh and interesting.
The smell was heavenly, and the appearance was great, but the cheese was a little too salty and heavy.
My complaint was the service was not that good but the food made up for it.
There are several specials that change daily, which the servers recite from memory.
I paid $12 including tax tip for a beef entree with salad, noodles, rice, a fried dumpling, many free appetizers and a glass of ice water.
Ask for the cocktail menu it has a plenty selection of drinks.
It was the WORST Sangria ever, and their house drink has just a shot of Malibu rum, and at a price of $9 you want more than a shot of a 40% alcohol.
Yuckity Yuck Yuck  The Burritos were horrible but the Sangria was decent.
Dylan Prime is one of an increasingly small number of restaurants in NYC that take reservations for large groups.
who seemed honestly offended that we asked why our table was 45 minutes late; a cold cafeteria room that was clearly designed to intimidate; and haute chinese food that was over-salted to make up for the lack of flavor.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
The whole time we were waiting the hostess kept talking to us, telling us we wouldn't lose our reservation, and even gave us free blue margarita shots!
The space is small and they don't take reservations, but go next door to the bar while you wait and have some very yummy sakatini's that are made with fresh fruit.
The kids really enjoyed their food and the value on the kids menu is good.
We decided to share order of filet mignon for the table because there was just not enough food.
Small dishes, a bit pricier than you'd pay in Miami or LA, but the atomsphere is on the sexy side (however pared down) and its cozy.
The food was scrumptious-not the usual wedding.
Though the menu includes some unorthodox offerings (a peanut butter roll, for instance), the classics are pure and great--we've never had better sushi anywhere, including Japan.
The food is pretty good, but after 2 or 3 bad experiences at the restaurant (consistently rude, late with RSVP'd seating), I decided I would only order delivery.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
THe ribs are good and I havent had anything on the menu that did taste great.
However, the food, once you get over the price, was very good.
As a chef I really appreciated the well executed dishes that were full of crisp and vibrant flavor contrast acting in harmony and perfect balance.
Food: Bland and unoriginal, despite the creative writing in their menu.
The ambience isn't great but the food is so tasty and so reasonably priced that it's definitely a fun date place if you want to get a bunch of stuff and sample.
Great from appetizer to dessert including a wonderfully created vegetarian plate that is not on the menu.
The menu is limited but good with rice paper rolls being a house specialty.
I've heard that if you sit at the sushi bar, you can request rolls, but if you're at a table, the rolls are just the fish wrapped in seaweed with rice (which is still good, but I really love creative rolls).
Despite a lovely atmosphere, this was perhaps the worst dining experience I've had in New York.
Service was a tad spotty, but the food was VERY good and the noise never detracted from the dining experience.
Even more impressive, when my vegetarian girlfriend started asking whether certain dishes were made with meat, the waiter offered to have a vegetable plate created for her -- and it was quite well done too.
loved everything from the ricotta cheese they put on the table to the osso bucco with risotto, wish i understood their menu its all in italian, not good for a sweed.
The service was impeccible, the menu traditional but inventive and presentation for the mostpart excellent but the food itself came up short.
The decor and the service definitely is not the greatest, but I can overlook those things since their food is just so damn good.
If it's not on the menu, ask for the string bean and goat cheese salad- delicious.
The food is undeniably good -- but not worth the wait.
i've had better mashed potatoes from a box, and the vegetables were soaked in oil.
There were a few moments during the tasting menu that left me speechless, such as the shrimp in cream sauce, toro with foam, foie gras custard, eggplant in miso and a foie gras kobe beef filet fried ball that brought me to tears.
Although the sides at Lugers are delicious (the bacon is out of this world) the steak is entirely priced way too high.
also, when i was waiting to be seated the bartender gave great service and mixed a mean cocktail for me.
Our Peruvian waiter was very nice, and the food was ok, but forget about ordering an expensive bottle of wine there.
7A is open 24/7 and is great for lunch, brunch or a late night visit after partying all night.
Bar BQ will knock your socks off with every entree (pulled pork and the ribs -- go full rack, kid, it won't do you wrong) and the homey taste of the sides (love that slaw, them beans, and all that tater salad) matches up perfectly.
I ordered the Prix Fixe Pasta while my husband and children ordered from the menu - we were all happy with our choices.
The Food The casual Middle Eastern menu looks familar, but the food--made to order in the open kitchen--is a notch above its peers.
I thought I'd give the new place a try since it had an expanded menu and a more legit look.
*There is a pre-theatre dinner menu for early diners that is of great value.
The prixe fix menu was a deal to boost downtown restaurants, atleast we didn't pay the full price.
Once we were seated our water order was taken promptly but they never came back with a menu.
And that is a shame as the restaurant is a pizzeria with a very limited menu outside of pizza.
Ziti Bolognese is baked in a similar sauce, with ground meat mixed in and cheese melted on top--the menu offers many variations on this theme.
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.
The Food The Portuguese knack for exploration couldn't be more apparent on the expansive menu, which moves beyond classics like bacalhau to encompass a world of former colonies along with the motherland.
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.
Tasting menu a mixed bag: lobster soup amuse with grapefruit intriguing, but marred by excess bitterness as prepared.
Everything on the menu is worth trying at least once, from the calamari/zucchini appetizer, to the homemade cavatelli, to the rib eye steak (like butter!)
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.
I'd like to try their brunch - the menu looks good.
The menu: HOT DOGS, that's it, nothing else.
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.
The Food The free chips-and-salsa may suggest casual Tex-Mex cooking, but this menu is a couple notches above.
While they adhere to a certain traditionality in serving their teas; eg: samovar for the russian, chinese tea sets for the green, the food labours under no such restrictions and there is nothing ordinary on the menu.
I visited the Park Slope location on Fifth Avenue, and was impressed with the menu, and that they offered chicken fried steak.
While there's a strong Asian influence behind many of the plates, you can't pigeonhole the food into a single genre, as there are Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Italian and American dishes incorporated into this creative menu.
Get a bottle of wine, and eat what your heart has been desiring because all the things you would love to be on one menu--are!
The first time around, we had the $80 tasting menu, which included some sushi items, which I found to be pretty average, especially for the price.
When you go, you should ask for help from the wait staff in deciding what to order since the menu can be daunting.
In addition to Italian staples like pasta, chicken and veal parmigiana, house specials like chicken Giovanni (chicken breast with sausage, sauteed in white wine) and linguini Giovanni (shrimp and clams in red sauce) keep the menu interesting.
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!
Smallish menu, but more than adequate, and not that heavy on sauces which is so typical of italian restaurants.
The menu is quite substantial, with a number of chicken, beef, and seafood specialties not found at your typical chinese restaurant.
I don't think the menu is particularly creative, but I've gotten solidly tasty sushi here and it's always enormous.
Good brunch menu - it was hard to make a decision between the breakfast tacos, huevos rancheros, and salads on the menu although our waiter was happy to rank menu items upon our request.
From the enormous menu, we opted for the 3-course dinner specials - chicken soup or clam chowder, although small portions, came with loads of rolls, crackers etc.
The cool thing about the 3 course price fix is that there is no special or limited menu, you can order ANY app, ANY entree and ANY Dessert.
Food was much better then I had remembered (smaller menu) Great place for lunch.
I'd say the menu is generally below-average for the neighborhood, but if you want a burger, this is the place to go.
We got the tasting menu($100 for two), which was a selection of the signature dishes.
Our waiter was courteous and knew the menu well, though he was a little pushy with the bottles of wine.
Food was good although menu was a little limited(still plenty to chose from).
I have been to Blue Ribbon Sushi at least 75 times and have never ordered the same dish twice, that's how awesome the menu is.
So we left, the menu looked decent but you have to go when you can get one of the 2 or 3 tables.
The menu has been changed to a mostly unhealthy one, adding bacon even to the fish dishes (sometimes with no notice), so if youre looking for vegetarian or even just healthy seafood dishes, you wont find much.
Once just for late night drinks (they have a great drink menu) and then again for dinner.
They served the salad and the main course together and didn't even bring the dessert menu.
They do have a large menu of things along the diner lines, and they go a little gourmet on the brunch omelette fixins/combos.
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.
the menu looked great, but the food was the biggest disappointment i've had yet!
Hoegardden on tap is an added bonus if you're not drinking from the well versed wine menu.
The menu had more selections, price points that fit all our budgets and a new Sushi menu that went over huge with the table.
Aside from the fact the maitre de claimed the dining room was 'full', we were seated at a great table overlooking the lobby of the hotel and ordered the 5 course tasting menu.
I've heard such wonderful things about Pluck U and had the pleasure of trying their infamous chicken while having learned a few things: 1) rushed service 2) limited menu 3) semi-reasonable 4) overly popular.
i have been waiting for 15 mn ( no food menu , no cocktail menu , no one even say hi to me ).
The deli-diner-soul-food menu, featuring everything from matzo balls to barbecued chicken and ribs to 10-ounce burgers, is available until late.
Curries are another menu highlight, with several choices including Pa Nang with coconut milk, lemongrass leaves, onions and peppers, and Gang Paa with hot and spicy chili sauce.
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.
The chef will not alter any of the three tasting menus.
Alongside the USDA prime dry-cut steaks, the menu features standard steakhouse fare: appetizers like shrimp cocktail, fresh oysters and clams, an array of salads, soups, pastas and vegetable sides, and non-steak entrees like lamb, veal and pork chops, lobster and more.
In other words, conserative types craving simpler things like grilled chicken or salmon probably would not appreciate Tabla's distinctive and unusual menu.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
Went the next day for lunch - menu too pricey for lunch and the waiter was the WORST !!
The Food It's billed as Asian street food, but since the menu is a creative collaboration between expert chefs Vongerichten and Gray Kunz, dishes show unmistakable finesse.
Nice decor and an extensive menu lured me in, but the horrible service and rude staff drove me out.
For a restaurant with such limited menu and wine list, each dish should better be darn good.
Their menu is limited, they serve miniscule omelettes that may be suitable for a child (with what seems like a teaspoon of stuffing) with a salad (have to pay even more for fries) for $10- which was poorly washed and there were bits of soil all over it!!
The Food  Crave's two chefs have resumes that boast stints at Payard, Nobu and Industry (food), so it's no surprise their menu is full of unusual twists on old favorites.
Even with our large appetites we could not finish all the food or wine, which has never happened with a tasting menu before.
I realize that this place has a huge menu and, therefore, will have some not-so-good things, but it's the rudeness of the service that gets to me.
The Food It's a people-pleasing menu, with spaghetti and meatballs, calamari, eggplant Parmesan and other red-sauce classics alongside several more upscale dishes.
We went to Steinhof about a week ago and sat at the bar since the place was packed, but they have the full menu at the bar.
This newly opened restaurant is another one of those Indian places that has a hugely promising menu and a greatly disappointing food.
The festive crew serves from a gigantic menu of American classics: chili, burgers, cobb salads, baked potatoes, wings, philly cheesesteaks, club sandwiches, you name it.
The menu was much too narrow - 4 pastas and 6 meat dishes or so.
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.
brunch menu had nice variety to choose from, miniblueberrrymuffins better than some bakeries, included in their price mimosa/bloody mary's were nice.
I was their for Saturday lunch, adn I think that there's a different dinner menu, but everything was great.
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.
The menu is pricey and the food was not tasty - except for the tostones with garlic and oil.
I had read good reviews about the value and food quality at this restaurant, so I was not surprised to see a decently priced menu (pasta under $10 and entrees approx $12 to $15).
Limited menu but for STEAK,,, and giant onion and tomato salad.
Not being familiar with Vietnamese cuisine, we found the menu descriptions very helpful.
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.
The two vegetarian dishes on the menu were just an afterthought--why did they even bother?
My friend and I enjoyed choosing from a very diverse menu of appetizers and entrees.
A cute restaurant and average food (with a small menu).
The menu was small, but the food delicious.
I guess if you order the chef's tasting menu, which is a seven course meal with an optional wine matching for $125pp then your tummy will be well satisfied.
The menu is limited so I opted for the jalapeno potato soup and a romaine salad.
The sevice and food were excelent, but at the bottom of the menu were the words, cash only.
The menu holds no letdowns: Desserts, like a cone of stiff kulfi with licorice, ot cinnamon souffle, extend dinner's spice into the sweet realm.
The Food  Most restaurants with more than 250 items on the regular menu don't do any of them particularly well.
The tasting menu experience lasted close to three hours and included six or seven food courses and three desert courses.
They kept the chef, margarita machines, and practically the identical menu from Miracle Grill (the restaurant that formerly had the space); how is it that everything here is so much worse?
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.
We tried the Tasting menu', and the manager offered to select the items to be served after taking inputs from us ( Choice of meat, allergies etc.
We asked the chef if it was possible to have two different tasting menus, to which he was quick and eager to comply.
We had the tasting menu -- which was not a meal!!!
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch.
Actually, upon being seated in the tea room, we weren't even offered the tea menus and had to ask for it.
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.
The entree menu is not diverse, but the items on it are all very good.
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.
And although I've noticed that the prices have gone up a little since they opened, it's still a great menu.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
Got a seat quick, and had some weird fill-out order form for a hard to understand menu.
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.
The menu is informatively presented with facts about the ingredients, and is divided into Starting and Sharing plates, which allows one to sample a few items during the meal.
The Scene Schnack feels a lot like a roller-rink concession stand circa 1982, from the deep vinyl booths and beat-up chairs right down to the loud music and plastic menu boards.
After being given a bad table at Becco and leaving there, we walked around and decided on Da Rosina because the price was right and the menu looked good.
Although, a limited menu, we had no trouble picking out our delicious meal.
The Food Despite the restaurant's name, the menu is remarkably Atkins-friendly, from the nibble bowls of spicy fried chickpeas to the grilled slabs of salt-flecked, smoky rib-eye, succulent chunks of rosemary roast chicken and fat tubes of springy grilled squid.
The Food Chef Nao Sugiyama serves in the traditional kaiseki style--a kind of tasting menu consisting of between six and 12 small courses.
I've ben waiting to try Al Di La for a while, but the menu just never grabbed me.
i've ordered a cheese plate there, too- the kitchen makes it for you even though it's not on the menu!
He may be a little hard to take, but he knows how to run a kitchen and put together a creative menu.
5 hour meal (we ordered the tasting menu).
Dining choices range from three-course, ingredient-themed tasting menus or a regular, seasonal a la carte menu.
From a solid homey, affordable Italian menu in a warm, exhileratingly crowded location they've gone to a 30$ minimum per person on opera nights with a quality of food and drink that just does not warrant the prices.
The Food The owners' visits to farmers' markets in Brooklyn drive the ingredient-centric New American menu, which changes about once a month.
Our waitress had no clue about the menu and (after we had ordered a bottle of wine) told us the kitchen was closing and stood guard until we ordered.
D, who can't decide on a single dish, the tapas menu allowed me to express my true culinary self.
my husband has certain food allergies, and they were 100% accomodating even for the tasting menu which is seven courses for $50 - they even substituted dishes for ones that he couldn't have.
i also like their cocktail menu and dessert menu (try the black tea rose ice cream and the coconout waffles).
The menu is short and sweet: hamburgers, cheeseburgers and double cheeseburgers, with all-beef patties steam-grilled on a pile of onions and served on square white buns with pickles.
The menu was nicely sized with five small plates, eight appetizers and seven entrees.
Nothing on the menu jumped out at me, but when we tasted the chicken and the pork tenderloin.
Good food, but they could expand their desert menu.
the food isn't spectacular, but I have yet to be disappointed in anything I've been served, and there's a definite attempt by the kitchen to keep the menu fresh and interesting.
The menu is limited but good with rice paper rolls being a house specialty.
The service was impeccible, the menu traditional but inventive and presentation for the mostpart excellent but the food itself came up short.
Downstairs, with the lighter menu, and uncomfortable seating, is only worthwhile if people watching and the energy of the bar scene is more important to you than the food.
The chef who is a bundle of personality came to tell us all about the special menu for the wine room.
There were a few moments during the tasting menu that left me speechless, such as the shrimp in cream sauce, toro with foam, foie gras custard, eggplant in miso and a foie gras kobe beef filet fried ball that brought me to tears.
I like the smaller portion size for dinner.
) other food is served in too-small portions, but at least it leaves room for dessert.
After ordering drinks, we both decided on the Paella Vallenciana, brought out on hot plates.
Portions are fairly generous and the staff brings out multiple little bites and treats throughout dinner.
Specialty drinks--alcoholic and non--arrive in skull mugs or mini-canteens, nifty take-home souvenirs.
On ouor visit, our reservation was ignored and then we were asked to move from our seats at the bar, where we were told to wait, because we were not drinking enough.
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.
THE DECOR HAS BEEN UPDATED TO A FULL BLOWN RESTAURANT BUT THE QUALITY AND THE QUANTITY HASN'T CHANGED.
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.
Recently I purchased a dish to go, and found that all of my meal contained just one large piece of ginger root.
The numbness in your lower legs from sitting on old wood chairs is more than compensated by the wonderful food.
This is not haute cuisine, but that' part of what I love about it - it has an honest, intimate feel with no pretensions, just like eating in an Italian family's home.
The food was so-so and you would think it was a french resturant, the portions were so tiny.
The Scene Flanked by a diner-style bar on one side and glass cases of sweets on the other, General Store resembles a cozy mom-and-pop rest stop on the way through Pennsylvania Dutch country--minus the cheesy gift shop.
The prices are incredibly reasonable, especially considering the HUGE portions - by noodle soup could have fed both my husband and myself.
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.
Once we were seated our water order was taken promptly but they never came back with a menu.
The portions were overly generous for both the apps and entrees without sacrificing the quality.
As for the main attraction, the pies are known for their crisp outer edge and gooey middle, and feature the unorthodox layering of sauce over mozzarella.
Although the prices is a bit on the high, you do get big portions for it.
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.
The pieces were small but the fish was good quality and there wasn't a lot of rice to mess with.
Miyagi is my sushi restaurant of choice in the Village; it's never insanely crowded, the service is very sweet (I've never experienced any of the nastiness described in prior reviews), and the tabs are small.
We hung out by the bar mostly to ourselves, not an overwelming social crowd, but there were some georgous groups of hipsters looking like it was their meeting up before going out to the clubs (a few of the girls looked like top models), but the vibe was real chill.
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.
I would recommend going at off-times (before 7 perhaps) to avoid the crowds as it gets packed and there isn't much room by the bar.
there's always people waiting to be seated and the chairs are not comfortable.
It appeared that they used a cheese pizza cooked earlier that day or the day before and just added the raw topping to it, then delivered it.
The Romano family is very hands on with the father supervising the kitchen and Santo, the son, running the room with a high degree of personal attention.
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.
True, the menu doesn't offer a wide range of choices and portions are not la all-you-can-eat, buffet style (but is that a negative thing after all?
We decided to get out of there and go to a safe place with bigger portions and normal food.
The small single room--wood panelling, large mirrors, white tablecloths, dim lighting--has few frills.
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.
This pizza shop is one o fhte best places ever and is a hiden gem in a small community.
Although the portions seemed a little diminutive at first, they turned out to be the perfect size once the dinner was over.
The food will eventually make you outweigh Anna Nicole Smith.
The food is decent but small portions so expect to order a lot.
The scene is a bit much some time, but the food is worth it.
My dinner partner ordered the angel hair with seafood - the portion was easily big enough for two.
All dishes are an incredible dining experience.
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.
Then the food came- TINY portions and plates came out in 15 min intervals.
There is almost always an hour wait at dinner time, but this may be the best Japanese Sushi restaurant in NYC.
The service was okay, fast seating (for two), looked like a group nearby had been there a long time.
For the most part I enjoyed my dining experience at Revival (not to be confused with the bar on 15th).
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
I usually run the other way when I hear of an Italian restaurant with huge portions, because it's usually a lot of mediocre food.
The table next to us had hummus which looked delicious, so we really should have stuck to appetizers and wine.
When my (pregnant) friend asked about a non-alcoholic version of a drink, the answer was simply no, with no further suggestions.
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.
Food - mostly steak and fish - is decent, but the portions are obscene - filet mignon and salmon were HUGE, but they don't come with any side dishes - you have to order and pay extra for them which is inconvenient and expensive.
My entree was just some noodles in a butter sauce with no texture or color, except for a little bit of spinach which was more like a garnish.
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.
The menu is divided up into several sections, and most of the dishes are smallish plates, like tapas.
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
A collection of stormy sea paintings and two mermaid figureheads hoisting lights above the bar set a lulled maritime mood.
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.
while I think the menu could use better appetizers all of the main courses are DELICIOUS- also the service is so much better than the ratings.
After I inquired why the food was taking so long, the waitress told us that the 2 dishes we ordered take a long time.
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.
I'll second the recommedation for the Purity--which has much faster, better service at half the price and a whole lot more selection.
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.
The place was jumping on a Mon nite, as was the bar, but with a nice mixed crowd.
Mango ice cream or coffee-flavored gelatin finishes the flavorful journey.
Walked in on Chinese New Year Sunday late in the afternoon, around 5 or 6 -- seating was not a problem the dim sum was deliciously fresh -- very likely a by-product of their not using carts.
The line moves quickly, perhaps because there are no alcoholic drinks, which cuts lingering at the tables to a minimum.
The choices for vegetarians are extremely limited, unless one is content with side dishes.
Reserve a cozy window seat for more privacy, or hop onto a stool at the bar to dine solo.
Nostalgic lodgey bric-a-brac adorns the livelier front dining room and bar, while the dim, non-smoking back room is decorated with stained glass and modern, Mission-style chairs.
though the portions were smaller than average, the flavor and sauces that accompany them (truffle honey, cherries and peaches in mustard sauce) were all really good.
The portions are not HUGE, but you are very full by the end of your meal.
But, quickly all would realize that most items on the menu are grease-laden, and the portions are so big that you'd get tired of the flavors before you finish half a plate.
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.
My only gripe was that the food was all in big bins, but that's expected for a lunch rush hour type crowd.
Great wine list with an extra expensive selection for all you big spenders.
On top of that, the portions were hearty enough that we barely had any appetite left for dessert.
On each table there's a variety of sauces and spices, which you're encouraged to add to your dish; by the end of the meal you mind up with something completely different in your bowl from you started, but it will still be so satisfying.
The chef/owner is always walking around making sure everyone is having a good time.
After a couple of drinks upstairs before our meal, we slipped downstairs to a nice corner table that offered plenty of privacy in this 'loud' place.
the filet came out and was absolutely delicious, on a bed of julienned vegetables in a balsamic vinagarette sauce.
Went for restaurant week and surprisingly on the menu were entree options of Mahi, Mahi, Kobe Beef ribs, Salmon and some other things in very reasonable portions.
Portions were certainly substantial for lunch.
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.
If you are expecting big portions, go find a Cheesecake Factory.
Pastas include shellfish-stocked linguine with tomato sauce, and an excellent homemade cheese ravioli--all are available in half portions.
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).
Particularly good is the chicken verde burrito with a refreshingly spicy salsa that avoids the heat overkill.
The food was pretty good but the portions were smaller than what I would expect for brunch.
Everything that could go wrong did starting with the set menu that I was not informed of at the time of the reservation, to trying to seat us 45 minutes late at a table that was not made up.
There is a bar right by the door, which is convenient while waiting in the long lines for a seat and be prepared to wait on the weekends.
Those waiting inside to get a free table and waitresses carlessly walking by only served to make matters worse.
So maybe I'm naive to the latest trends in dining, but I really didn't like it.
When the pizza arrived it was definitely hot, however the topping was rather soggy from the moisture from the fresh tomatoes.
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.
The food makes up for it, though the quality has fallen victim to it's success.
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.
The waitress recommended four courses, not three, given their tiny size.
One person's dinner was cold, another was charged for a larger portion than ordered, and my shrimp pasta was inedible.
Babbo and Lupa are significantly better, and this place should redo the menu, or empty seats could become the norm.
Pad thai and a variety of noodle soups, such as pho bac and Bangkok Curry, round out the menu and arrive in heaping portions.
The portions are not huge, but they do include an alcoholic beverage or fresh juice, so that made up for it.
Besides ordering single dishes you can also order family style.
Soy abounds, in all forms: as firm patties, pure squares of glistening tofu, and something called a hijiki patty--mixed tastily with shreds of seaweed, then fried.
This restaurant was a great value, even though I know nothing about the prix fixe menu.
Down right comfortable, pleasant, enormous portions, have lunch and bring home a doggie bag wth your dinner.
Their Korean menu was also equally impressive, A must try is the Kimchee cabbage pancakes as an appetiser ( the portions were as big as an entree!)
Count on fresh, fairly priced cuts of fish that represent a good value, even if portions are a bit on the small side.
The food was cold and did not match the description on the menu, the waiter could not be bothered with me (and I am nice to deal with since I work in the industry), and it was way over priced.
00 bottle of wine, we had to endure the waiter's attitude, like he was doing us a solid, if you're into huge Euro crowds and don't care about what you eat and how it is served to you, Baraonda is your kind of place.
Went to dinner with some girlfriends on Wednesday at Calico Jacks and had a fun time.
You'd expect one to have more dessert options, other than rice pudding.
The waiter's knowledge of the menu and ability to make recommendations were ridiculously bad, requests weren't observed effectively, and our water and wine glasses were not kept full.
This Prospect Heights institution, with its old-fashioned soda-fountain type counter, complete with cakes of the day on pedastals w glass covers, attracts a diverse and loyal crowd.
The host was playing god with his headset and reservation list, the bar was packed with horney drunken investment bankers, reservations are a joke and after haplessly sliding the plates at us when serving the food, they couldn't wait to collect the plates until we were done.
It was absolutely delicious to the point where i went back and asked for a variety plate They were so nice to accomodate me and gave me almost everything on the menu to taste from.
the sushi was good and the service was not as bad as some would have you think but the crowd was more business than hip, more wall st.
The salad looked as though they have a premixed trash bag full of it, and they just dump a heap of it on a plate.
The crowd is not young, but hey, go somewhere else to get a drink afterward.
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.
From the enormous menu, we opted for the 3-course dinner specials - chicken soup or clam chowder, although small portions, came with loads of rolls, crackers etc.
Tension filled the air as the chief yelled at a waiter in the middle of the bar while in uniform and drinking.
I organized a dinner for 20 and was extremely satisfied with the results.
The other two entrees that were ordered were very large portions.
I am not one to waste dessert but we threw away the box after taking a few bites of it.
The food wasn't impressive either- I was expecting huge portions, but my lobster ravioli was only 4 medium sized pieces, and I've tasted better at other restaurants.
Good value for breakfast.
Although the food was in small portions, it was good.
Though the celery root soup was super yummy - everything else was an overpriced letdown- the plates come out looking like it's the depression era.
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.
The Scene With three outposts around town, Sarabeth's Kitchen has become a well-known and reliable spot for casual dining at breakfast, lunch or dinner.
Whatever happen to FAMILY STYLE Thai cooking, the portion are too small and tradtional thai cooking uses MSG which I prefer not to have in my body.
Plus, everything comes in small to average portions, so the next time you get a sushi craving, I don't recommend that you go here.
If only they'd get a better wine list - the reds are all so mediocre - this would be the perfect meal.
Special touch -- my dessert plate had Happy Birthday drizzled in chocolate.
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.
Knock off 15-20% of the prices and you have a decent night out.
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).
It's in a less travelled spot on 3rd, but the intimate setting is great and romantic.
It's a good place to meet up with a friend while shopping, grab lunch (although the lines do get long), dining solo, or to take home after work.
It came with a (small) salad, large bowl of udon, and 6 pieces of sushi plus wrapped rice (not sure what that was called.
Increedible value, 3 courses $20 price fixe(menu changes everyday), organic seldom seen wines all around $20.
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.
Music is a nice mix of everything from Aerosmith to James Brown to Metallica to disco to whatever else there is.
Worth the trip over the bridge, worth the search for parking, worth the wait for a table at dinner time and worthy of a ten rating.
The kitchen is fast, but you sometime may have trouble getting a seat, since this place is very small.
The outdoor tables overlooking bucolic Irving Place, or the wooden ones inside, are prime spots for brunch featuring all the usual suspects--omelets, pancakes, French toast--served on cast iron skillets and griddles.
With the large crowds here and the larger menu, be prepared to wait for your dinner to arrive at your table.
junk food place that could do well with a good cleaning.
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.
it's a very chill spot to hang with a group, I went there with a bunch of my friends to have drinks for my birthday and we all had a great time.
The upside of the smallish portions is that a good sake can do a better job working over one's date, and you don't leave the table w/ a food coma.
Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly.
not fancy I think they keep their christmas decorations up all year long, but good mexican food!!
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.
The huge terrace is just so beautiful--and rumor has it they'll be tenting the space this fall, so we midtowners can continue to dine outside through the end of the year.
When I saw it on the menu I didn't beleive it and was not expecting the real thing.
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.
If it was outstanding I could see it as a nice change for lunch, but the peanut butter wasn't any better than one you could buy at any grocery store and the chocolate peanut butter brownie was horrible.
It's served cold with carmelized onions atop, with mashed potatoes on the side and it's the best darn thing this side of the Hudson.
You may as well just extend the bar into the restaurant since it has already penetrated it with loud music, loud voices, and a remarkable amount of cigarette smoke.
It says it on the menu and the servers explain it to you as soon as you sit down so I'm surprised by how many people on this site complain about the portion sizes.
The Food The key element to a proper British chip is fat, and the flabby, pale yellow specimens here come close to the ideal.
The menu is a bit different and all of the selections are pretty tasty.
Basically traditional menu could have been boring and old-fashioned, but is instead updated enough to please modern palate: steaks, seafood, fish, poultry - ample portions (we took half home), seasoned with care and imagination.
Really great thin crust pizza - hot and fresh and fast, though you'll probably have to wait for a table.
Granted, it's loud and sometimes obnoxious and it's such a pain to get seats for, but the the food is great.
Love the pizza here (although the slices aren't as fresh at 3am, but who's that picky when you're drunk), and there's plenty of other good stuff.
We went ot Al di La a bit earlier than we usually go to dinner, mainly due to the fact that reservations are not accepted.
With a chef from Liguria, Italy, authentic Neapolitan brick oven pizza and one of the most impressive Italian wine lists I've ever seen, this was the real deal!
Bouley has done an excellent job creating this dining establishment with almost a museum sense, the artworks on the wall have a very Klimty feeling and the gold ceiling completes the rest of the experience.
Coffee, treats, and the best of eerything.
The scene was sassy and cool, but i would never eat dinner here again.
They do have a large menu of things along the diner lines, and they go a little gourmet on the brunch omelette fixins/combos.
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.
Besides, they used to be much more accommodating when I used to request a jalebi paratha instad of a plain naan as part of the brunch price.
The Scene Petite Abeille is ideal for a lazy lunch, a restorative brunch or light dinner.
We were directed to a table by a member of staff, which we were then informed was reserved, and lost our seats at the bar, all this after spending upwards of $30 each on very expensive drinks over a two-hour period.
Good Italian spot, but should raise the bar on the food before some newcomers challenge its standings.
went here late night after a a few drinks at my favorite watering spot and was amazed that a place which serves food till 4 can be so damned good.
the heroes are enough for lunch and dinner.
While the appetizers, entrees, and desserts arrived in a timely manner, our water glasses maintained consistently empty (at one point one of us had to ask for water twice!)
Corner Bistro, despite the hoopla and critical praise, is nothing more than a burger joint with long lines.
The Food Mi Nidito's menu offers a considerable array of Mexican standards, with a separate page for seafood, such as King crab enchiladas, and another for vegetarian dishes such as almond-sauteed vegetables.
After finally choosing banana-macadamia nut pancakes (a Hawaiian favorite of mine) after being unable to decide between 4 or 5 dishes that all sounded spectacular, I sat back and enjoyed the (complementary) tall shot glass of the smoothie of the day.
Although Sweet Melissa's food and pastries are very tasty, the unfriendly folks who work there sour the experience.
from drinks at the bar, to our perfect round table!
Unlike some of the other reviews here, the reservation was upheld, the waiter took the time to explain each dish and frequently asked if we wanted more of anything (which we did, several times).
Anyway the food was really good, the portions are not big however very filling and exceptionally good.
I found my dinner to be a bit on the heavy side and blamed the large portions.
Once in the oven (electric, mind you), he shifts pies every few seconds to attain nicely-charred, chewy crust perfection.
cause, I was bored by the club scene and too overdressed for the local bar.
When we followed the waiter to get back the card, the Manager explained that their machine did work, but someone else's bill was charged on our card (total charge=$140).
My experience at the The Pearl Room was like no other place in Bay Ridge, you walk into a dimly lit atomsphere and a well dressed crowd.
The atmosphere was a+, until a friend and I were rudely interrrupted and rushed out by the attendant at the door when the check was only returned to us just 5 mins.
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.
When you feel like eating again an hour later (portions are small) at least you won't feel as regretful about ordering take-out.
We had to wait 20 minutes before getting a beer, and we never got our burger order.
Dim, candlelit dining room is accented by a funky star pointed bar and multi-colored ceiling lamps, with trendy upbeat music in the background.
I went for dinner at Lucy the other night with five friends and it was the best experience I've had in a long time.
The portions are like a buffett for breakfast.
Dinner is okay - not many vegetarian options, and the portions are small.
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.
I went for lunch yesterday and had a lovely time.
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
I had the lentils and cous cous for lunch the next day because my friend and I had appetizers before our entrees-- portions are pretty decent for the price, and tasty to boot.
At least you have the ambiance and lovely live piano musice being played for you while you wait.
The music was a bit loud but the song selection was great, so we blew off desert and had another round of drinks at the bar.
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.
The food was very good but portions were small.
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.
warm orangey glow, nice old mexican prints, wee bar that my bf and i vowed to go back and linger at.
Our meals were a moderate portion and they weren't too spicy.
The place was a bit noisy, but sitting on the edge of the restaurant helped, and although the portions were small, w/ an appetizer it was the perfect amount of food.
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.
This is definitely a special occasion spot, unless you don't mind a hefty bill, but rest assured that either way, it's well worth it.
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.
When the food arrived, the portions were really small, and didn't really reflect the awesome descriptions on the menu.
Only problem was - an older gentleman (well-dressed but a little enebriated) chose to sit down right next to me - despite the fact that all 15 other seats were free - order himself a martini, and then describe how dry and dissapointing the burger was when he ordered it a few days ago.
The bar has a large selection of beers on tap,bottles or cans.
Waited 30 min for a brick they call bread and water, another hour for food (tiiiiiiiny portions).
Granted we were just the girls, but this would also be a great date spot b/c the ambiance is chic and bustling yet you can also hear the conversation at your own table rather than a loud din or worse, someone else's conversation.
The portions are big so you can split an appetizer.
I've never been able to find a lunch place in the midtown with the same quality and service, until now.
Order the porterhouse and they put it between you and you kind of eat family style at a wooden table.
The bar gets out of control busy due to it's proximity to Fordham University--but the Fordham kids are cool, so it's alright!
I write that in quotes becuase iceberg lettuce, stale Pepperidge Farm croutons and bottled dressing does not a salad make.
This was followed by various wacky hijinks: overly sweet foie de gras, lack of extra ginger/soy sauce, minute portions even for sushi, appetizers arriving at different times.
And the room is VERY noisy, but I suppose that's because everyone is having a good time.
The table next to us recommended that share because the portions are big(we split two entrees)The food was so good I wish that there was some left over to take home for the next day.
Al Di La serves up an impressive selection of options ranging from meditarranean fish to rabbit to to duck to pasta.
The food is decent, but WAY TOO SMALL of portions for what you pay for.
It took forever to seat us even though the restaurant was almost completely empty, then we had to ask to be waited on, it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks, and then another 30 minutes to get our salad and then even more time to get our pizza and then our bill.
As expected, the beer selection is perfectly in synch with the menu.
You must think that the quality is poor for them to sell it for such a low price.
The Food Consulting Chef Douglas Rodriguez's forte is blending the diversity of traditional Latin cuisine with modern culinary chic: A celery sorbet cools the spicy-citrus bite of lobster; shrimp seviche and crunchy green plantains coat thick, juicy halibut resting on sweet plantain hash; and tart tomato escabeche moistens a chewy skirt steak.
The Food A good way to judge a Thai spot is by its green curry: The all-Thai staff here fashions it spicy and smooth, filled to bursting with meat and thin-sliced bamboo shoots.
The kitchen turns out a long list of American bar food staples, like burgers and fries.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
The restaurant was recently taken over by new managment and, having eaten there under the prior management, I can say that the quality of the dishes has improved.
Theme and actors are kinda cool but you are charged some entertainment fee on top of the expensive food and drinks.
The Food This isn't for those on a budget, but portions are generous.
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.
I just had dinner there with my girlfriend and we had the best time.
Amazing views of NYC regaled us at lunch earlier in the week and then at dinner this evening.
Multiple televisions on both sides of the cozy room ensure unobstructed sight lines for fans, whether they're sipping pints at the oak bar or snacking on pub munchies--like baked clams, nachos, and buffalo wings--at tall tables in front.
The bright point of dinner was dessrt.
Their appetizer portions are not huge, just right since the entrees are much larger.
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.
The characters were very entertaining, and while the prices are a little steep, it is well worth the cost.
We ordered a platter that was an asssortment of appetizers which was great recomendation.
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.
The owners Pat and John are very friendly and can often sit and have a beer with you.
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.
Portions are small, they try to pass themselves off as family style by encouraging sharing and putting dishes in the center of the table, but it is glorified a la carte.
1) they gave us the wrong table had to wait 10 minutes until they gave us the one we wanted 2) had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter 3) ordered chicken and brocolli.
I was tempted to try the dessert because I've heard rave reviews about it, but we were stuffed, as the portions are fairly large.
The Scene Uncomplicated, tasteful touches--a soothing abstract painting, an exposed brick wall, a tiny bar--grace the restaurant's neutral-toned interior.
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.
Last, but not least, when we walked in, most of the clientelle was Vietnamese and next to us was a food critic whose review was on the back of the menu.
The pooris were miniscule, about 2 bites each; they serve 4 of those as a dinner for $25!
The waitress told us the portions were not big, so we each got an entree and shared a side.
Food was good but portions were quite tiny.
If you're looking for barbeque like Dallas BBQ (soaked in sauce from a bottle, generic, homogeneous food) then you won't like Blue Smoke.
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.
Instead of being smart business people and treating us as paying customers, we were told they do not serve drinks, only food (only food?
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
The Scene The bright mix of colors painted on the cafe's walls matches the vivid margaritas that sit on nearly every table and litter the sceney bar.
While the appetizers I sampled (gnocchi; shrimp wrapped in coconut or somesuch) were not so impressive (the gnocchi portion is meager and overpriced), my table was 100% satisfied with their entrees too.
Or better yet, if on a budget and want to do something romantic, stop at the bar for a drink and enjoy the sunset.
Finally got our food after waiting a long time for oysters, doesn't take that long to shuck 'em, the place isn't that big, and it was OK.
After a crazy day @ work, with no reservation, we were so lucky to score a seat at the bar on an incredibly busy evening.
Dining experience begins with cracked, filthy vinyl tile flooring tables so small close together that you couldn't move.
When the manager came to our table at the end of the meal and asked how our experience was, I complained to him about the cold.
The meal arrived just as we were finishing the appetizers, each good portions.
both appetizer and main were poorly made by some random cooks the picked up from who knows where.
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.
Since it changed owners/chefs, the portions are smaller (I always used to ask for a doggie bag for my chic-parm), now I can finish and still be hungry even after appetizers (which aren't as good anymore).
The only reason they seem to taste so good is because the food is well decorated with its super small portion.
large portions so unless you are of large stature you should not get 2 appetizers.
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.
I went to Joy hoping to find some great Indian, but unfotunately found curry that was no better than average.
I don't remember the dessert item but when it was brought out flashing lights overhead threw colored beams on the walls and a young waiter came over to our table and did a little dance that was Bollywood MTV for the East Village set.
Drinks took a while, and after a few rounds pf the we're sorry, we don't have this bottle sir routine.
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
however the dessert porportions somehow ballooned to regular conventional sizes.
Otoro tuna, gorgeously marbled with fat, is captivating; hamachi sashimi, topped by the chef with a whisper of sea salt and a barely-there squeeze of lemon, creates eye-rolling pleasure.
Beer selection is a bit slim, but seats are plentiful and there are several sports monitors placed about the bar.
The drinkers beside us had fresh glasses of water brought on trays to replace the empties and a smiling waitress to cater to their every whim.
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.
Wide range of dim sum and food.
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.
Whether it is a weekend brunch, dinner, or just hanging at the bar for cocktails, we always have THE BEST TIME.
On the other hand, the food was good but not awesome as had been described, furthermore I found the portions fairly small for this type of restaurant.
Although I didn't pay for the meal (and it's about $22 bucks a plate, way over my normal eating range), I have to say that it was better than any food I've ever had in little Italy, and there weren't any touristy elements to be found.
I have been back for several dinners and lunchs and especially like the terrace when weather permits.
Best value is the sushi/sashimi lunch combo - get the large for double pieces on sushi!
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.
When we arrived, our table wasn't ready and we waited 30 minutes in the bar.
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.
Mostly, this small restaurant offers eggs, hot sandwiches and traditional American platters.
In the winter they have the fireplaces working which immediately creates a cozy romantic feel.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
When we first walked in, we saw other diners wiping their plates with bread- so we though that the food was good -but we very soon realized that the portions really were so small that you really have to lick your plate clean - afterall, their dinners costs a fortune.
The bar had a hip DJ and the crowd was ultra chic.
Althought the menu is more expensive than your average Mexican restaurant, it is not more expensive than any other hip, increadibly well designed, bar scene and dining room in Manhattan -could be less in fact.
It is expensice, but the portions are big and include a side, salad, nan and rice along with your main meal!
We explained that we had left a standard 15% on food, and a slightly smaller percentage on alcohol (At least 10%).
Ive personally tried almost everything on the menu and been amazed at the quality and presentation.
17 for a small cup of tea.
Their main chef Louie, makes the oddest specials you will ever see and the portions are quite large.
For appetizers, wine, dinner, desert, great convesation, expect to spend a couple of hours.
That was totally acceptable and we found some great seats at the bar.
In retrospect, that was kind of foolish, as the portions for dinner were obscene.
The scene is reasonably cool but unworth more than a drink.
A bright spot: the server was immeadiately apologetic and whisked problem plates away, and replacements were prompt.
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.
Tiny slices of pie with a dribble of cream topped off the evening.
Desserts were pleasent enough, if not trying way to hard on presentation, lacking portions and interest.
If you want to avoid the long lines, arrive at 5:00 PM and have an early dinner.
Nonetheless, it's an excellent pie -- and don't let the long lines scare you off -- they keep them moving.
In the dim lighting, I thought the portions were impressive and dug in.
The whole table must participate and you have to be willing to let the chef cook for you with no menu.
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!
After having the table cleared and recieving fresh warm plates, we shared the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken and Lentils.
It was more than enough food even though the portions are tiny.
The hummus was not flavorful and when we ran out of bread and asked for more, it never came.
Then another pleasant surprise - the menu said we had to share the entree for each couple.
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.
The menu had some slight twists to conventional upscale Mexican.
For dessert we split the combination platter, which had rather small portions but they were good.
Not the most adventurous nor exquisite food, but generous portions (at least, on the 3-course prix fixe) that were faultlessly executed, complemented by a varied wine list ranging from that special bottle for a celebratory splurge to excellent choices under $50.
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).
The Scene Tucked away on the second floor of a small, nondescript Madison Avenue building, Caviar Russe feels more like a private club than a restaurant.
Also, if you order a dinner, plan to have leftovers for the next day because the portions are HUGE, the salad that comes with a meal is large enough to be a meal itself.
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.
Delivery portions are bigger and 2 can easily share 1 entree.
Xunta's tapas dishes were great though a little pricey for small plates.
Portion was just a bit small compare with other restaurant but the price was lower than usualy as well (7.
Other than its impossible reservation (no matter how many months you call in advance, the only available time slots for dinner on a Saturday are always 4:45 or 9:45), Peter Luger is worth the drive over to Brooklyn.
They were out of cherry, so we got a few slices of apple and one key lime.
Maybe go there for the view, but don't bother eating there, go to the bar.
I am vegetarian - so this review applies only to the veg portion of their menu.
Seconds after we permitted our half-eaten fattened goose livers to be whisked away, our waitress materialized, bearing two cold drinks and the chef's profound apologies for the dish - a completely unneccessary but vastly appreciated gesture.
After ordering our food was brought to our table very quickly despite the huge crowd.
But, as I said, it's a dive bar, so it's not someplace you'd take a high-maintenance individual.
sometimes i've just ordered arepas and empanadas for my meal; other times, i've split a dinner entree and an appetizer with a friend and been satisfied, since the portions are so huge.
my table of four was not totaly neglected, but there was a lag in how promptly we were being served.
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.
I definitely liked the vibe in the restaurant - the food is good with enough variety to please everyone - i'd say the portions were quite skimpy where it counts - meat whether fish or steak- and for those prices this is very irksome.
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.
The only bad thing was that the third alien was so friendly and took a lot of time at the other tables, so she didn't come see us.
huuge portions, which made it much easier paying the $350 bill.
I adore Zen Palate - and both the formal upstairs dining room and the crowded, counter-style cafe downstair, have their pros and cons.
This seems to be a big hit and draws a large crowd, so be prepared for a wait.
Low-fat and low-carb options (such as flatbread) lure in health-conscious diners, while everyone else can sink their teeth into warm, crispy baguettes piled with mesquite chicken or smoked turkey, Philly cheese steaks and more.
Called to complain and the response was well, we didn't charge you for the falafel sandwich we shorted you.
Needing a sugar fix, my husband and I walked in here to find a wall to wall adornment of delightful confections.
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.
great trendy spot for a night out but to be honest the food was not worth the cost.
Expect a crowd while waiting, but they seat quickly.
The Scene North Square's discreet, sedate decor appeals to the largley older crowd occupying the dining room whilst a younger set parties in the back bar.
We went out on the town with the idea that we were going to mingle with the in crowd, you know, go to a place where you pay an outrageous cover charge, have to wear all black to fit in, and pay $12 for a watered-down martini, and if you're lucky, have a good time.
When we got there, they refused to seat us because our 4th wasn't there yet-even thought there were only two other people there and we assured them we would order some starters and drinks.
People waiting for tables stand at a drink rail next to large windows which open out over a leafy garden in the summertime.
My friends and I went to dinner last weekend and had a great time.
The texture of their flat noodles is something that has to be experienced to understand.
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.
The Scene With its long zinc bar, plush couches and patterned suede walls, the lounge is a swank spot for midtown's cocktail crowd.
The menu consists of a tasting selection, Austrian, traditional American, and the chef's recommended menu.
The sandwiches, platters, and pitzas are top notch too, but I could make a meal just out of their pita bread and babaganoush.
The waiters, all wearing black suits, are serious, courteous, and knowledgeable; the dining rooms are ornate and convivial, with large parties celebrating various things interspersed with dressed-up couples on dates.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
The best aspect of Dylan Prime is that it's a perfect spot for a first date, a business dinner, a casual night-on-the-town or even just a quite bite at lunch.
I liked the beer selection!
I don't expect an enormous, heaping plate of food, but c'mon.
Generous portions of rice porridge and noodles really hit the spot after fighting the crowds on a busy weekend in Chinatown.
Relaxed neighborhooders treat the spot like a second home, calling the staff by name and lingering despite the smallish bar and hurried courses.
Got a seat quick, and had some weird fill-out order form for a hard to understand menu.
The guacamole at $7 is a small portion served with a stack of Si!Ortega flat taco shells.
At one point I noticed the grime on the mustard bottle and asked the waitress for a clean one.
The crowd doesn't disappoint: A well-heeled, fashionable clientele packs the polished-wood-and-glass-partitioned space, settling into one of two dining rooms, or the bar, which is located at the farthest corner from the entrance.
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.
Mysteriously, the reserved tables all stayed empty throughout our meal and were still empty when we left an hour later.
I don't have much to say about the cafe itself; you can order out from the family-run cafe in the front, or take a seat in the back, which opens up to the outdoors and can offer a less seedy and more homey atmosphere.
Large portions of food to share.
After our waitress brought us menus took our drink orders, a diff hostess came over asked us to give up our table.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The portions were so big that after a cocktail drink we had no room left for desert.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
(Though the filet won't be enough if both have hearty apitites.
Generally, the food was fine, but the table is too small to eat comfortably.
Food is decent but portions so small that after 5 appetizers, 2 sides and three entrees, the three of us left still hungry!
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.
The Scene This storefront eatery is decked with colorful Mexican art and party kitsch, but it gets dim and moody enough in the evenings to suit a date.
For lunch, walk in slightly after 1pm to avoid long lines.
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.
I have gotten warmer and much friendlier welcome and outstanding service at the other Thai restaurants in the Greenpoint area.
If you like an ecclectic crowd and an overall good time where you and your friends can get together whether it be to eat, drink or just play some good old pictionary (they provide crayons and a blank white sheet at every table), go to the Cargo!
Generous portions on the entrees.
Not a destination restaurant, but if you're hungry for breakfast or lunch, big portions and good quality for the money.
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!
Fantastic flavor, but certainly not worth the high price of the small glass.
The food is above average, though the portions a tad small, even for tapas; but they more than make up for it with their wonderfull mojitos.
After being given a bad table at Becco and leaving there, we walked around and decided on Da Rosina because the price was right and the menu looked good.
We waited in the bar area and had an excellent time waiting for dinner with the bartender and staff.
When she wasn't being sarcastic or downright rude, she spent her time studiously ignoring our table or pointing us out to the other waitstaff.
I used to love the Dog but now its become a metling pot of really undesirable people.
Despite the servers' best intentions, it's easy to feel rushed while perusing the menu -- an awkwardly large blackboard.
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.
Although it was quite good, the small portions at this table of 4, including appetizers, did not constitute adequate sustenance.
The Scene At this sleek spot on a relatively sparse stretch of Spring Street, regulars belly up to a small bar and greet owner Giorgio DeLuca, of Dean and DeLuca fame, with warm hugs.
The kitchen also offers just a few sushi-free entree options, such as a masterful tempura dinner and chicken or salmon teriyaki.
Here's how it works: you walk in, sit down, and have a vegetarian thali (group of little portions of curries) that invariably includes lentiles, a small salad, some rice, some kind of samosa-like pastry, yogurt, rice, and a couple of sauces.
We sat in the tables in front of the bar and it was a good people watching spot.
Though if the restaurant got bigger, the service and quality of the food would probably suffer.
from the white sheets that hang when you come into the restaurant, to the gorgeous marble communal table in the center of the bottom floor, to the great atmosphere upstairs at the bar.
And after we ordered our food, their wine guy suggested the wine that he thought would go best with our selections, and it was surprisingly not a high-priced bottle.
I would not return for a $30 entree of inadequate portions.
This restaurant has taken the trend of serving tiny portions on oversized plates to a new level.
And like all McNally hot spots, it crackles with energy, particularly from the groups who gather to share a bite in the bar.
When I tried getting a lunch order delivered, I was told I was out of the delivery range (strange since I am also located in the East Village).
Clever decor with lower false ceiling to distinguish the bar area.
Portions enough for 2 meals.
Fun atmosphere, good beer selection, but meals were skimpy portions on big plates and the service was weak - never had the same server/waitperson come back twice.
not large portions - my boyfriend's entree looked more like an appetizer, and all we got out of the dinner was a $100 tab and hunger for more food.
The point of dining here is to get several Tasting plates (two of us shared 5 @ $12/each and were quite full), and try as many of the dishes on the menu as possible.
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
Could have gone to Pastis for a salad three times the size for the same price.
If you've got the money and don't mind being packed in like sardines - then cozy on up to the Sushi Bar (much better than a table) and let Gari work his Omikase magic.
So we said we would have a drink at the bar (the only redeaming quality or value in the whole place was the bartender and the big vodka sour she made me).
The Scene An outing to this ski lodge-sized hot spot, with one of the city's most expansive and popular outdoor patios, feels more like a night spent at a fashion show than dinner at a restaurant--and not just because of the celebrity sightings.
Few styles of cooking place such an importance on texture--baby eels in a sizzling slick of oil, for example, is nudged just a shade away from pasta by the crackle of tiny bones under your teeth.
The Scene Shun Lee Palace is popular with midtown locals, possibly because the upscale room means you can impress a client and have Chinese for lunch at the same time.
I read about this place in the Post, but never stepped foot in it I ordered a red velvet cake to be delivered to lOwer Manhattan; It got there, and the broads at the office raved about it!
2 weeks ago, I decided to set up a birthday dinner in this establishment and was wary with the reviews I've read in City Search but it seems to be a perfect scene.
When he mentioned that a pinot noir would be a decent match with two disparate plates of a first course (and the even further disparate second course- yes we informed him of our total meal choices PRIOR to our wine selection).
Our group of 8 had about five small plates that we thought were the best on the menu.
In Short Take a quick trip to Maine at this classic lobster pound where the outdoor picnic tables are the prime seats in summertime.
If she was a bit more sophisticated, she wouldn't have been impressed with the list, but rather with the clientele and atmosphere.
The Scene There's nothing fancy about this joint, where the line for takeout often dwarfs those huddled at the three patio-style tables.
I came to have dinner with two of my girlfriends on saturday and had an awsome time.
The prices were outrageous, but we assumed the quality would be commensurate, so we ordered.
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.
I do not understand how this place can stay in business with its prices and quality of food.
In the most beautiful ground floor brownstone setting.
When I go out for dinner which is quite often, I have never encountered such rudeness from a waiter or owner as I did at this smoke filled, tight spaced, cash only restaurant.
The food was simple but exploded with flavor and the presentation was as if it was out of a cook book.
Though weekend nights and Sunday brunch draw the largest crowds, neighborhood residents master this vegan menu of quinoa-lentil cakes, seitan piccata, and sweet-potato pumpkin pie by popping in daily.
In my opinion, the bar is not very well laid out, its narrow design makes it hard to meet a group for drinks.
you might have made a reservation, but you will end up waiting for about an hour anyway, so hopefully you'll get a seat at the bar and won't have to stand around.
The drinks are very pricey and small, and the food is ok - but the portion size for the price is outrageous.
Our server paid little attention to refilling our drinks, the runners brought the entrees out less than 1 minute after the appetizer, the server delivered another table's bill to us before we had even had entrees, and my partner's entree has a very noticable hair on his plate.
The mint love letters and spaghettini primi we ordered as entrees were perfection.
the food sounded good enough on paper, with lots of clever names and interesting choices, but once we bit in, the dishes were all pretty bland.
The portions were kid sized and we spent about $100 a person in cluding wine (4 of us).
The portions were so small that we still wanted to eat after dinner.
The pot pie, pork chop and chicken were cleaned off the plates so well they didn't need washing.
It is so difficult to choose a favorite on the menu, because the bolognese, the salmon, the chicken with mushroom, and the telephono are all too good to rank.
Id say a little better than most Thai Ive eaten, and the menu had an astounding selection, which isnt bad for such a reasonable price.
i got a steak special that was way overpriced ($12 more then the steak on the menu and no warning from the waitress) and it was cooked to the wrong temperature.
Based on the menu prices, the value of the buffet is made up before you even hit the buffet with the appetizers that are served to the table.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
From the outside this place looks cute, however, once inside loud as a disco!
The portions were very big for appetizers (calimari and fried zucchini) but average for the entrees (chicken marsala, spaghetti w/ meatballs) and very expensive of course.
Our food took so long to be served that we nearly missed our curtain.
They brought fresh naan to the table as well as a kind of crepe filled with potatoes that was cooked on a griddle set up by the window.
There is always a fun and friendly crowd at the bar, mostly locals, if you just want to come by for happy hour.
From the space shuttle trip entrance to mars, to the molecular regenerator exit to earth, it was all an exquisite dining experience.
AND you can still smoke at the outermost area of the patio - the wait staff can't technically serve you there because of the smoking, but if you don't mind walking to the bar to place an order (I don't), it's a great solution for smokers.
Got the scoop on this new hot spot and decided to give it shot for a client dinner.
I live about a 1/2 block from Westway and when I want consistantly good food, big portions, great fast service and a step above your average diner food I go there!
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, and everything on it is satisfyingly savory, such as a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine-and-garlic broth); beef stewed with beer and prunes; and a juicy croque monsieur.
Self-important people, please stay at home and cook and dump as much parmesan on as you like.
There are decent selections if you are a seafood person, but not a lot if you aren't!
I was at Son Cubano a few months ago, and although i was only at the bar (without prior reservations which are a must), i had an awesome time.
He, however, gave great service even though he just brought our food since they didn't have a runner.
No matter what you order, you're almost certain to get so much food you'll be leaving with a doggie bag.
The happy hour crowd at the bar was mostly just out of worker blowing off steam.
The decor has not quite made the transition--some really nice artifacts are still there, but there are several layers of different remodeling efforts visible.
big chunk of meat(beef short rib).
Besides, vegetarian or not, there are always ways to liven up food without compromising the healthy aspect.
You wanna wait a hour for a cramped table to eat mom's macaroni and cheese?
I met five of my friends for dinner at Blockheads last Friday night and had a good time.
The ambience is stunning and the food is really good, but the portions are RIDICULOUSLY small.
fish was fresh enough, but the quality was only so-so (the salmon was especially sinewy).
They bring over your favorite beverage before you sit down and while dining you listen to a killer jukebox.
The restaurant is small so ask for seating in the front upstairs (the back, where we were sitting was incredibly hot) or on the first floor.
The smell was heavenly, and the appearance was great, but the cheese was a little too salty and heavy.
The portions for the entrees did make up for it.
The line is long, but the staff keeps it moving and usually everyone is friendly.
Yuckity Yuck Yuck  The Burritos were horrible but the Sangria was decent.
Other reviews complain about portions, it's a TASTING menu not a Time's Square buffet.
When we arrived there was no free table so we waited at the bar for quite a long time.
The Scene This cosmopolitan cousin of the legendary Harry's Bar in Venice is frequented by a wealthy and insouciant crowd, the types who don't bother looking at menu prices when they order.
The kids really enjoyed their food and the value on the kids menu is good.
Though the menu includes some unorthodox offerings (a peanut butter roll, for instance), the classics are pure and great--we've never had better sushi anywhere, including Japan.
During the weekend nights, the crowd is full of 20 somethings (in which a few look much younger) and is almost Coyote Ugly style where ladies are dancing all over the bar.
Choices are standard and plentiful: omelettes and egg dishes, pancakes, bagels, muffins, croissants, mini-doughnuts, cookies, etc.
After being seated by a very kind, but quite stressed, young lady, we took in the room and menu.
If I had a car, I'd go there more often, but I live 35 blocks away and don't trust carrying pastries home on the bumpy crowded B41 busline.
The Scene Rows of glass-topped, red-tableclothed tables stretch back to the rear of the brightly lit space, whose white walls hold a few seafaring decorations--a boat painting here, a captain's wheel there.
Service was a tad spotty, but the food was VERY good and the noise never detracted from the dining experience.
Downstairs, with the lighter menu, and uncomfortable seating, is only worthwhile if people watching and the energy of the bar scene is more important to you than the food.
After the bar, they sat us on the side with the wine room with a nice view of everything.
The portions are miniscule and the size of an entree could be half-and appetizer if even that large.
Upon entering, I was impressed by the room while the food on other peoples' tables seemed enticing.
its a cool place to come with a bunch of people or with a date for maybe a mild dinner or some drinks.
The place wasn't at all busy, and we were shown a table in the back, given our menus, and promptly forgotten about.
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.
I went to Sushiden on a Friday night around 8:00, the place was pretty empty, we had reservations, but we didnt need them.
Had an after-work drink at the bar with a date, loved the place so much we came back for brunch the next morning.
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.
The atmosphere was nice (tables were a bit too close together) and trendy, but waiters seemed rushed.
We were able to reserve a spot at the chef tasting bar with Morimoto who actually called in sick that night, but we were still charged full price.
The interior is understated making it special enough to take a date but easy enough to stop in anytime for dinner or snack.
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.
We arrived on a Thursday night at 6:30 and were seated immediately (they don't take reservations), but, this small place filled up very quickly, and the bar was overflowing with people when we left.
The place was packed, but it didn't effect our service or getting our food/drinks promptly.
No bar only a waiting area with about 10 tables where you can have drinks prior to dinner.
although the food was good, the wait was so long; extremely snobby about seating you, we waited 45 min + for our reservation.
Hillarious lighting and ecclectic side dishes make you want to love the place, but the meal on the whole was abyssmal.
The decor maybe great for young kids but as an adult this place was an horrible experiance, it didn't bring the kid in me.
Del Frisco's is pricey and I was seated in a leper locker room area, but the food was totally fantastic.
The service was not the greatest, but the place is huge and it has a nice setting.
I came here b/c someone gave a trashy review to my favorite coffee place (Grey Dog's) and compared it to this place so I had to see for myself what was so great about 71.
Be warned - between the pizza and spumoni the place is packed nightly in the summer.
The small single room--wood panelling, large mirrors, white tablecloths, dim lighting--has few frills.
The atmosphere would have been almost perfect if it werent for the fact that we were seat right naext to the noisy kitchen but I guess the speedy service comes with a price.
While admitably, the seating is a bit cramped, and the menu a tad pricey, the staff does its best to remedy concerns.
Good place for groups of four or large parties but it is not a cozy/intimate setting for 2 although the jazz helps!
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.
The garden is lovely, too, but the staff seems a bit condescending.
When I questioned the purpose of waiting on this line, I was asked to leave the bar.
We were a party of four, and after a long wait, were seated in a freezing corner.
They overfill the reservation sheet so that the check is dropped off nearly with your food and they are rushing you out of your booth before you are finished.
For such an expensive place, you can find much, much better in Manhattan; heck, you can find much better food for a lot cheaper!
Went there for a dinner; nice little place.
The service was okay, fast seating (for two), looked like a group nearby had been there a long time.
We waited to be seated for about 15-20 minutes for brunch, while it was quite obvious that there were plenty of empty tables right in front of us.
even if you have to wait for a spot at the bar to wait for your table, the music and design of the space create an ambiance that is simultaneously chic and comfortable - something extraordinarily difficult to find in this city.
Then we were seated at a large booth and it took the waiter 20 minutes to come back and take our order but I sort of expected that with a new restaurant.
Plenty of tables avail for no reservation in bar areain case you want to go on an expensive date for not so great food.
I honestly do not understand how anyone can not love this place, unless they don't like real pizza.
In Short A dark, narrow takeout area gives way to small tables in a cozy space decorated to resemble a Bedouin tent.
The Scene With its yellow slat walls, nautical art and well-worn oak bar, this onetime fishermen's lair is now a snug little neighbor to both South Street Seaport and the glass sequoias of nearby Wall Street.
The service and surroundings couldn't have been better, but the food was very disapointing at best.
While I love this place, I do recommend going here mostly for lunch or an early dinner because the crowd and long wait can be annoying.
I was told they had one(early) reservation; felt deceived b/c when I left the place was empty!
Minutes turned into an hour-long wait with non-existent standing room.
Decor is sort of homey, with mismatched tables and plates.
Seated just after 2; I commend them 'cause they were the only decent brunch spot that would take our reservation, and they did their best to seat us promptly.
Okay, so the bathroom is a little scary and the milieu brings to mind an old diner or cafeteria, but simply put, the food here is the best.
My wife and I, from Houston, and another couple from Conneticut were visiting Manhattan for the weekend and I chose Shula's for dinner because I had heard that it was a good steak house.
Perfect place to bring a date before the theater, a mother/ grandmother/ or aunt for their birthday, or friend for lunch.
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.
The Scene The windowed bar and front waiting area seems bright and airy compared to the somewhat stuffy main room.
The waitress let us taste three wines before deciding (we were only ordering glasses) and then we chose to eat at the bar (same menu) since it was so comfortable.
The clean, sunny interior looks nothing like Jerry and the gang's dingy haunt, but it showcases fun ephemera like Seinfeld cast autographs and press clips on how the diner inspired the musical ode by Suzanne Vega.
The Scene  With flickering sconces and rough-hewn brick walls, Crispo may look like an elegantly restored Italian farmhouse, but frenzied servers, tight tables and wait-list hopefuls at the marble bar make it feel like a city-slick hotspot.
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.
The place is small, the host was friendly and communicative -- we had to wait 45 minutes for a table but they don't take reservations and clearly it's a popular spot.
The Scene You'll have to knock to enter this hidden dining room, a luxe windowless space featuring four wall-sized murals depicting famous landmarks throughout the seasons, as well as a handful of finery-laden tables.
The worst service I have ever had - entered the restaurant and waited at the door for 5 minutes before deciding to push our way past the extremely small bar to find a waitress.
You can spend $25 per entree at a much fancier place.
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.
If you go for lunch as we did, get there when they open as seating is fairly limited.
She also has to beg for water refills squeeze her smallish rear-end between crowded tables.
Good location, but tourist-y and poor quality food.
A popular diner in the Metro Tch Brooklyn area catering to local brooklyn ites or the wall street financial back office employees of Metrotech.
The Scene The space, fit with imported giant urinals, zinc-topped bar, large antique mirrors, mosaic floor tiles and mahogany trim, looks like it's been around forever.
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.
The place was empty except for one table, but they were just having drinks (red flag #1).
In Short The vegi burgers (and the full bar) are the main draws: ranging from the Super Veg-Burger with lettuce, tomato and Abijah's secret sauce to the McKate (two un-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, dairy or nondairy cheese, etc.
Even though it's a trek for me to get there and the place is a little of a Hole in the wall, I've gone many times for the food alone.
Those less interested in people-watching dine inside the whimsical, wood-trimmed room under a canopy of Italian inscriptions, or at the long, art-lined bar, which hosts a hopping after-work crowd.
We sat near the sluggish, hot and very loud kitchen and the service area was not wiped down once during the entire time.
After a short wait at the bar (which was very crowded), we were seated upstairs at a private table.
The Scene Neither trendy and slick nor haute and haughty, it this cozy wine bar adds a bit of Mediterranean sun to the chilly east 70s.
The place was beautiful, I sat at the bar for two hours and eat oysters and had way too many martinis.
The tables are close so you can hear every conversation going on around you, but if you're here with someone who enthralls you, you will notice no one else but your dinner date.
Despite the fact that I had called earlier in the day and was told that the place didn't take reservations and there were several empty tables for two on both floors, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait.
What the sparse space lacks in decor it makes up for in atmosphere.
There are a few things I can forgive at any popular place: somewhat long waits even with reservations, service staff that mistakenly believes they're there to act haughty rather than serve, and a way over-the-top interior.
The food is worth it, but I suggest you order delivery, so that you don't have to read old issues of Robb Report while you wait forever in a small and hot room.
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.
On the other hand, I never felt rushed to vacate the place at the end of my meal.
The decor was pleasant, but the tables were way too much crowded for a restaurant of this presumptive caliber.
Went to dinner on a Friday night and the place was packed and hot.
The space is small and reservations are definitly needed.
Ones experience is truly dampened by having to trundle up lifts and escalators, further on arrival at the restaurant we found the actual dining room to be slightly sterile and lacking in atmosphere.
The Scene Upstairs in a narrow, handsome but oddly shaped space, this serene, refined restaurant caters to a mostly business-oriented crowd that, auspiciously one presumes, is predominantly Japanese.
Be prepared to make friends with the people sitting next to you, tight seating.
The garden is beautiful and romantic place to share dinner with that special someone or just with friends.
My boyfriend and I loved Imagine Bar and Grill.
last time, the waiter told my roommate he'd have to charge her $5 for mushrooms as one of her omelette choices (never heard that at my other favorite brunch places.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
It's a shame you can't even sample the food or sit in what is a very nice space.
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.
Interior is limited, but there is a second floor for dining to avoid some of the main floor chatter.
Although the dining area is a bit small you'll feel at home as the owner is very friendly and talkative.
The kitchen is fast, but you sometime may have trouble getting a seat, since this place is very small.
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.
I don't claim that the place as the most authentic, but when you're talking about Southeast Asian street food, which really represents a melting pot of cultures and have slight variation in style for many similarly-named dishes depending where yuo're specifically from, who's to claim what's authentic?
Orange Valve is probably the best bar that I've been to in a while.
) While the location and ambiance sure are nice, I found the price a bit expensive considering the quality of the food was nothing spectacular.
My boyfriend took me to dinner for an early Valentine's Day, we showed up early for our reservation to meet an incredibly rude host who told us the bar was full, to just wait behind a rope.
With dessert, the pre-theater is a great deal/meal.
it is a small take-out style restuarant but they have a few tables.
The bartender informed me the place was full, and the wait was 30 minutes.
When I requested a change to the non-smoking section, the waiter replied that there were no open tables.
It is a nice room with a cool bar and you should stop in for a drink and Tapas but dinner was very weak!!!!
Ask for a table closer to the bar than in back of the dining area; the drop ceiling the back compromises enjoying the soaring space of Guastavino's.
My boyfriend and I went one Friday night to find that the place was empty except for one other table.
The place wasn't packed, but there was a bar scene and a few salsa dancers who strutted their stuff on the dancefloor.
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.
A cold reception got even colder when we didn't have a reservation for a Tuesday night (the place was half empty).
The Scene Quartino's airy dining room, wrapped in high windows, hinges around a trendy bar where regulars sip wine out of blunt tumblers while swapping stories--often in Italian.
The place was nice and the bartenders were friendly, but the cocktail girl was rude, obnoxious, and over charging all of us.
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.
Taci then moved to NYU, to a space as warm as an igloo, with an equally cold atmosphere, an attempt at a more upscale menu, and with all the charm of a pizza joint.
After arriving an hour early for our reservation for 2 and politely asking for a table near the band we were promptly seated at one of the worst tables in the place.
I made a reservation on-line quickly got a call saying that the resturant was under renovation, but the kitchen was still open and was still more than welcome to come enjoy dinner in their lounge.
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.
Fresh, original, creative, absolutely delicious - Perhaps I would chose a table at this cozy Italian corner versus an NYC top 5?
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful.
nice and cozy place but the soup was cold, the pizza was cold.
The decor isn't the best and the place is very modest, but if you're around Ditmars Blvd.
Didn't get a call so I thought all was ok-they didn't have a reservation and wouldn't seat us for over an hour even though no one else was waiting and I saw several empty tables.
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.
Very claustrophobic place so expect it to be really crowded during lunch.
Bread bar couldn't get anything right except water refills (good job to the water guy).
Start off with an expertly mixed cocktail or glass of wine at the beautiful bar.
The outdoor patio is really nice in good weather, but what ambience the indoors possesses is negated by the noise and the crowds.
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.
The bar was a disaster because there were no tables for anyone, and drinks took 20 minutes to receive.
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.
From the overstuffed menu to the placemats advertising spectacularly festive drinks, to the comfy booths, the decor signals -- this is indeed your grandfather's diner and thank goodness for it.
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.
It looks like a dive but serves up fresh authentic Mexican fare you won't normally find in your average Tex-Mex style restaraunt.
Just look at all those people waiting outside to feat in an unadorned space of cramped shared tables?
Yesterday they had numerous bartenders as well as servers and the place wasn't packed and it still took 1/2 an hour to make a martini.
I'm totally into the space-age vibe of this place, but I wish they had more tables to sit down at.
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed.
While the space is exceptionally small and the seating can be uncomfortable, the food is well worth the few inconveniences.
Went early with reservation, place was empty, and they squeezed our two top in between other diners at a banquette.
The only drawback is that the tiny cafe can only hold so many people with even less tables available, so if you are lucky enough to score a table, stay put with a date and some wine, because no place nearby can serve so much romance with such quality eats.
The candle-lit bar is the destination of trendy wine-sippers and snackers, and the rustic-chic dining room, with brick arches that open onto a tight sidewalk terrazza, is booked weeks in advance.
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.
Our waiter was a bit weird as well, but the lounge area looked like a nice place to get a drink after work.
oh, and if you're there for drinks at 3:30 on a weekday afternoon, when the place is empty - and ask for a bread basket - they'll charge you $6.
And the room is VERY noisy, but I suppose that's because everyone is having a good time.
perhaps the place is better after the theatre crowd is gone but we were in the midst of it and it wasn't a very enjoyable experience.
In Short The bi-level dining room, which resembles a bamboo-thatched hut, is a brightly-lit, wide-open space with high ceilings and laminated depictions of Indian village life.
I can't even remember if they serve anything else -- a busy hole in the wall sized place and atmosphere.
Only drawback is the sound level - quite a loud space downstairs - and that might be accounted for with their trendy bar and right off Times Square.
The service was good enough for a crowded place.
Wish the Greenwich street location had more seating like their 2nd Ave location, because one invariably leaves it smelling of grease.
The place was not crowded for dinner on a Sunday night at 8:30pm.
The place is very loud, good for drinks by the bar not to eat and yell.
the place looks cool, but the food is not really that good.
In Short Though it's more of a takeout and delivery operation than a sit-down restaurant, Risotteria does offer eight small tables for those who want to savor their risotto hot off the stove.
The space was unique (even though looking out the skylight windows on a tenament was a bit odd) and the service, happily, was fine.
The food and cocktails at SushiSamba were very good; however the seating is so tight and uncomfortable and the service so rushed that I will probably never go back.
The Food Pies come in three sizes, from a petite five inches (perfect for the solo diner) up to 10.
Although the homefried potatoes were not worth the plate space, next time I'll ask to substitute a nice salad.
i mean the place was empty and it seemed to take for ever to get food, drink or the check.
Service was slow and our drink order took forever (and the place wasn't crowded).
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.
The Food The Korean dishes here are a bit more delicate than the potent fare found 30 blocks north, but the kitchen is hardly pulling its punches.
The bar area got a little too crowded but the ambiance was great.
The menu has many choices, and the dining experience lends itself to being a great place for a date, client dinner, parents' dinner or even a start-off to a night out on the town.
The Scene Uncomplicated, tasteful touches--a soothing abstract painting, an exposed brick wall, a tiny bar--grace the restaurant's neutral-toned interior.
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.
Yes, this place is good, a cut above some of the other local diner food and a nice, friendly atmosphere.
Nice ambience and bar while waiting for a table.
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.
The place is small, but loaded with plenty of goodies that range from Italian inspired treats to Greek pastries all well prepared.
Just make sure you make reservations a few days in advance because there aren't a lot of tables.
In summer, the small outdoor garden is an ideal place to sip coffee while reading under a canopy of trees and sky.
The place was practically empty when my friends and I got there for dinner.
8pm reservation, place was half empty on a Saturday.
The food was OK, but trying to get anything, like a drink refill or the check, was an ordeal, and this was when the place was nearly empty!
Seating is limited, so you will probably want to order take-out, but a better take-out pizza you will not find!
The place was so dark, I needed the table candle to read the menu and could not properly see what I was eating.
Went there for dinner last night w/ my boyfriend and a friend after work and got there around 7 so we were able to score seats in this tiny cramped space.
There is NO waiting area - waiters, diners,and staff all converge in a tight space.
While I liked the place, I'd never come back in a weekend night again, and with reservations.
The Food The restaurant boasts an impressive raw bar and samplings from the bait menu a big draw.
Though we had to wait about 45 minutes from our dinner reservation time, we were given breadsticks, olives and parmasean to nibble on while we waited, albeit in the very cramped bar area.
I live around the corner and I miss the unpretentious and always lovely, Irving on Irving, that used to occupy this space where you didn't need a reservation three weeks in advance to eat dinner after 5:30 and before 11 pm.
I've had Gnocchi from the Bronx to Coney Island and this place is, hands down, the best.
They've also got a huge salad/sushi/appetizer bar that you won't even get to if you're eating the meat.
The Scene The main dining room of this boisterous Carnegie Hall restaurant, dubbed the New York Room, is a cavernous space with high ceilings and sweeping glass windows.
It's interesting but after eating dinner here once the only thing I remember is that the bar was nice, drinks expensive and food was only average.
the place had open doors and windows and a very relaxed, candle-lit type of atmosphere.
Beyond the green awning and floor-to-ceiling windows, sophisticated (and often European) patrons drink wine from the bar in back and dine on French fare like nicoise salad, foie gras, and steak tartare at tightly packed tables.
The place is huge, but it's always packed with people waiting to be seated because they made the mistake of not making a reservation!
Save the $$ and go to to curry hill (just 2-3 blocks away) or spend the $$ at a midtown indian eatery  (Also: I commented to hostess prior to seating that there were a lot of tables empty when choosing my seat, and she snapped back that they had a lot of reservations coming in at one time.
The space is grand with a very high ceiling although it is one of those places that they keep so dark you are not really sure what you are eating anyway.
The place got really crowded around 8ish when I went right before Christmas so reservations might be necessary.
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.
There is no waiting area, so we had a crowd hovering over our table, this is just testament to how many people want to eat there.
after booking reservations at Danube, only to show up and not have any tables available, the Danube somelier graciously called over to Bouley and got us a table for immediate seating.
The space was so fantastic that once we heard they were serving dinner we decided to go one night and try it out.
If you can get service, you might enjoy the surroundings- especially the upstairs lounge.
When our turn came to get in, we were told that the place was full due to the Labor Day weekend and we could not get inside unless we bought a 200$ bottle of vodka.
It is not a very stylish place, but we had some of the best Chinese food we ever had.
The Scene Service bustles through the energetic, sprawling space with the precision of expert merengue dancers, and everyone else goes along with the flow suggested by the tall, curving ceilings.
But the place is so great that patrons don't mind waiting outside rather than go to another restaurant which you can find at least 10 in short walking distance.
Its two massive rooms are frequented predominantly by Greeks who chow down on traditional mezze--spinach pie, feta cheese and stuffed grape leaves--and entrees--kebabs, sandwiches and pasta dishes.
A friend of mine and I bumped into this restaurant last week and it didn't look like any special place on the outside, but when we looked at the menu we decided to give it a try.
It's cheesy, great herbs,good bread and large slices But it's in a very dirty area, good for take out and bring it home kind of place.
Perhaps I chose the wrong place, not fully appreciating that another reviewer's remark that diners here won't be rushed could translate to my timely-arrived party having to wait 'til 9:50PM to be seated for a 9PM Saturday reservation.
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.
If going for lunch, best to go by 12:30, even if getting take-out, the place is tiny and fills up quickly, both with people eating there, and standing waiting for take-out orders.
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.
The Scene There are two distinct personalities to the place: The loud, seemingly always-crowded bar with hanging paper decorations and dim lighting, and the two main dining areas, where the noise level and decor is notably more subdued.
Its the perfect place to take a date, start out with dinner and then stick around for dancing!
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.
Decor is old, but the bathrooms are clean and updated.
Atmosphere in the formal room was nice, but the informal dining room was extremely loud which ultimately made the formal room louder than my perference.
The place was small and simple, but I never cared about service or decor.
I think that argentine cuisine can be match more interesting better that the insipid expirience that I had in this overpriced place.
The service was average and the tables are really close together (but who cares when the food is this good).
They ended up cramming 10 of us on 3 small tables, then taking forever with our food.
Nice decor - but the place is so crowded and noisy you can't enjoy it.
The only complaints (minor) was a 15 minute wait when we had a 10 PM reservation and the tables are pretty close to one another.
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.
I am an extremely low maintenance diner and the staff at this restaurant managed to insult my dinner party and refuse kitchen service minutes after seating us and informing us that the kitchen was open.
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.
It's got above-average diner and italian fare, and it's right near the subway.
it would be better to place the bar closer to the front of the restaurant and away from the tables.
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!
That being said, they do have a nice lounge area downstairs where you can just hang out, have a seat, and relax (no more waiting out in the cold or at the crowded bar).
While the place looks rather small and undecorated, I will definitely go back just for the food.
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.
The Scene Though this looks like any other sushi counter, with purple vinyl booths and a koi pond in the small dining room, there are glimpses of superiority.
One of my favorite places to get a cup of tea or to have a casual brunch with the newspaper.
The place was very crowded usually it is a good indication that the food would be worth the delay.
The tables weren't bussed and they forgot to make my chai tea, which wasn't all that delicious, not was my friend's coffee.
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.
The hostess told me she could accomodate my group without a reservation but we ended up waiting nearly an hour and were seated in the smallest cramped area.
The staff is very friendly too~  Everything is wonderful about this place except for the bathroom.
The wait staff is very attentive; though if the place is really packed, then you may have to flag someone.
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.
Don't know if the bar is really that bad, BUT the food would more than compensate!
There was a ten minute wait with a reservation, but the bar kept us entertained.
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!
The party space worked out well for our rehearsal dinner.
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.
During the summer the outdoor area is a great place to sit and eat you pizza.
If you can get a corner table you can see the entire room while eating in elegance.
The prices were moderate for fine dining, and although the restaurant is relatively small, it was easy to have a quiet conversation even though the tables are fairly close together.
i ate here with a friend by default-- we were in the meatpacking district on a saturday night, every place in the area was pretty much booked, we were hungry, i only drink sake, and he was treating :).
The place is packed, they don't take reservations and waited almost 2 hours.
Place was empty, waitress was rude, told us that even though there were drink specials at the bar (2 for 1 margaritas), we couldn't have them at our table and we couldn't go up to the bar to get drinks.
Noisy atmosphere makes the place even more fun, though it may become hard to get in after 5PM on Friday- almost every table would be reserved.
Then we were led downstairs to the main room, and were seated at the huge communal dining room table.
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!
The Food Nothing makes for better bar snacks than this down-home Southern menu.
Catch a Yankee, Mets game, have a burger and great conversation with the bar keep.
the manager was nice profecional and service was average but the food was not italian, a diner is better, try po'
Great place for a first date or dinner with a picky group.
Maybe I've just gotten lucky with seating, but I've never had more than a ten minute wait.
Sometimes I wish there were a bar to sit at and have a glass of wine, but on the other hand the lack of one allows the place a pleasant sit down sort of feel.
I had a nice time, place was crowded but the food was very good.
The small wooden bar and counter up front incorporate a wine rack and dessert display.
Overall, cute place with poor service, and even worse food.
The place was packed but we were able to get drinks at the bar w/out a problem despite the crowd.
The wait (despite reservation) was 35 minutes (in an over-crowded bar) no apologies whatsoever.
The bar is small so come close to reservation time.
The Scene At this sleek spot on a relatively sparse stretch of Spring Street, regulars belly up to a small bar and greet owner Giorgio DeLuca, of Dean and DeLuca fame, with warm hugs.
No condiments on table or offered, service average, smokey upon arrival as the kitchen is fully exposed and the space very tight.
The place is hip and the decorations funky, but the food is lacking.
Great place to go for a lunch date or for coffee after a date.
The tables are a little too close together, but when the food is this good it's difficult to be distracted.
Stumbled unto this little gem early one saturday afternoon and was thoroughly pleased with the wonderful little backyard.
A terrific place to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner.
This review is based on breakfast/brunch: I called on Saturday for a table the next day (knowing it was unlikely that I'd get one) and the reservations person told me that there were no tables available.
i've ordered a cheese plate there, too- the kitchen makes it for you even though it's not on the menu!
Cute decor, but rather small so the dining room can get very smoky if the bar is crowded.
While the bar is expansive, the ceilings are high, the tables are spacious and the plates are oversized, where is the food?
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
the setup is cool with pool table and chill area in front and dining on side and back.
Went with three people last saturday night - half way through our entrees we tried to order a second bottle of wine - both the hostess and waitress told us no, cause, ehh, the place is very crowded this night guys.
This place is so unexpected, just a tiny little bar, but it serves dinner and even a really good weekend brunch.
this place was ok I guess since they have karaoke goin' on with a free shot if you sing.
Food was ok, but not worth the 1 hour wait (we sat down an hour after our reservation time) If you are going to make people wait a LONG time, then at least build a bigger bar.
We went there just for dinner, and the place was so good we didn't leave.
When we went to dinner here, the place was empty, which should have been a clue.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
We got there a bit early and the staff wasn't ready for us but we didn't mind b/c we got to wait by the beautiful bar.
Great place to meet friends or co workers for drinks, dinner or both.
Overall, I good place to take a date or have a small group of friends for dinner.
We were so excited since I was reading great review of this place, however we were disappointed with the taste of the food.
The Scene There's nothing fancy about this joint, where the line for takeout often dwarfs those huddled at the three patio-style tables.
The food is decent, average bistro food, the decor is nice, but the service is poor, the waiters always seems to have to many tables andcant keep up with a good services.
The first time we went there had been a party of 10 that was just seated and the rest of the tables were all full, so we decided to take the drinks to go.
Besides the food, the ambience reminds one of being in your grannie's dining room.
I have definately found my new favorite place for dinner and with its large bar for hanging out on the weekends.
The coffee by the name of the place is delicious and although the space is a bit tight, it's a great place to chat, chill or simply enjoy a great cup of joe.
Space is teeny tiny so waiting at the bar meant getting poked and bumped repeatedly, but hostesses were nice and wine selection was ample.
The place was extremely busy, and with food like this why not.
The tables are too close together and it's awkward to get up and down without disturbing the folks next to you, but the food is still the best around.
the space is very comfortable - they don't rush you - you don't have a server holding your bill in their hand asking if you'd like anything else.
Great place for dinner or late night for a few drinks and something to eat, the kitchen will be open till 3am.
they continue to expand their garden space, w/out expanding their kitchen and cannot provide even adequate service.
We arrived at 5:30 and had leave at 7:30 without dessert or coffee because the kitchen took insanely long between courses.
The space is a bit cramped and the waitress seemed to avoid eye contact at all costs, however, I would recommend you go just for the food.
The place was empty with three waiters working and it still took 15 minutes to bring us menus.
The place is not meant for in house dining, but if you want to grab a meal on the go, this is the perfect choice.
The bar area was fairly crowded but service remained friendly and efficient.
From the outside this place looks cute, however, once inside loud as a disco!
I came to celebrate finishing my third year of med school and was greatly disappointed by the way I was treated at the door (rude and terse), the food (mediocre), and the ambiance (very loud, crowded, and uncomfortable close to our neighbors despite the large room).
the decor could be a bit better, and if there was a small bar the overall atmosphere would be a bit more inviting (especially for regulars).
In Short The few window-front tables fill quickly, but most customers prefer not to linger in the nondescript space, in favor of taking their Thai food to go, or phoning in for delivery.
However, they do bring you a lot of food for your buck, and despite the unremarkable food it strikes me as a good place to fill up on the cheap for lunch or after a night of drinking.
They have little booths if you want a little privacy w/ your date~ and they have large tables for families and groups.
We made reservations for 6pm on Friday and it was not necessary BUT the place got packed really quick around 7-8pm.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
After an hour of waiting at an overcrowded bar with our coats in our hands and no room to move, I approached the host (who never bothered to give us an update throughout our wait) to ask him how much longer, He was incredibly rude and dismissed me with his hand and walked away from me while I was trying to talk to him!
the place is small but everything else is 'big' in terms of quality variety and smiles of the wait service.
The kitchen finds success with classics like a homemade, cognac-rich duck terrine and well-seasoned steak frites (although the fries tend to be heavily salted).
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
So we showed up with our reservations and even though the place stayed pretty empty throughout the night, they seated us right next to the swinging kitchen doors.
Full of characters from the neighborhood, it's a fun place to meet up with friends or have a drink at the bar.
The place was busy and had a bohemian feel.
who seemed honestly offended that we asked why our table was 45 minutes late; a cold cafeteria room that was clearly designed to intimidate; and haute chinese food that was over-salted to make up for the lack of flavor.
Tables are a little cramped, but dinner or lunch for 2 is fine.
Well on a friday or sat, i think this place should take reservations as it gets pretty busy.
Crowded waiting area in entrance forced you to sweat out the wait for a table while standing over other diners.
For an appetizer, I had soba in pho-like broth with dumplings, and I already liked the restaurant.
The space is small and they don't take reservations, but go next door to the bar while you wait and have some very yummy sakatini's that are made with fresh fruit.
A guest from Montana wanted to get a NY Strip Steak while she was here, and New York magazine wrote up Monkey Bar as a good place.
An amazing combination of a place to sit down with the family and have a good time or have a drink at the bar with some friends.
My friend and I walked in to an over crowded bar and were warned of a 45 minute wait.
The Scene Rows of glass-topped, red-tableclothed tables stretch back to the rear of the brightly lit space, whose white walls hold a few seafaring decorations--a boat painting here, a captain's wheel there.
The place was bustling at 8:30pm on a Wednesday night- we arrived earlier than our reservation and got situated at the bar.
Roof: very nice space (although I know 5 other rooftop bars just as good), but the crowd was a bunch of posers and the owner was a tool.
Just make sure everyone is in your party is there together or you'll be waiting on the sidewalk or in the cramped bar next door.
The bill was surprisingly inexpensive considering we each had appetizers, an entree, dessert and drinks (alcoholic and non) we also had 3 rounds of shots for the entire table.
I still go often, but the prices went up a little and the service is even slower now that they're always full during dinner hours.
The food at Cafe Asean is to die for, and the prices are unmatchable.
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.
We were able to reserve a spot at the chef tasting bar with Morimoto who actually called in sick that night, but we were still charged full price.
The prixe fix menu was a deal to boost downtown restaurants, atleast we didn't pay the full price.
small price to pay to have dinner on a Saturday night in downtown Manhattan.
By dessert, I gave up and sat there hopelessly watching as my rice pudding was snatched away half eaten, only to be replaced immediately with a hefty bill.
The high prices and small portions reflect the hype of a new Battali restaurant as well as the cache that comes with having to make a reservation a week in advance only to wait to be seated.
Although the prices is a bit on the high, you do get big portions for it.
throughout the whole meal, all I kept thinking was AVERAGE, AVERAGE, AVERAGE until the bill came, which was a little more than average,to say the least.
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.
However for the price I paid to have dinner there, you would have thought I ate a horse.
And price is over value for two persons dinner $ 90.
For the high price you would pay (dinner for the two could run $80), you sure do get alot.
The Scene Strictly Roots, which opened more than a decade ago as a dietary alternative to Harlem's more cholesterol- and fat-heavy fare, wears its philosophy on its facade: We serve nothing that crawls, walks, swims or flies.
Owner Mary Redding keeps things fish camp-y with rod-and-reel rental prices and a list of rules on the backs of the menus.
We waited forever for our bill but did have a nice conversation with one of our waitstaff during our meal.
Nothing wrong with the service, either, but don't we all want something more from a dining experience than just average for above-average prices?
My friend and I went out for a cigarette, and when we returned, our table had been given to another party- even though our drinks and unpaid bill were still on the table.
What does it say about an establishment and its chef when its policy forces the Price Fixed, Chefs Choice Menu on every party six or greater?
The food was not terrible but with the prices as high as they are, I should expect better.
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.
They have even just expanded to include lunch hours at very reasonable prices.
We would rather pay more prices and expect the better food and service.
I've sampled several other dim sum places here, and none feature the winning combination that Triple 8 offers: reasonable prices, large range of standard _and_ less common dim sum, little/no wait (not like the Mott St.
I went with my sister and neither of us had wine so the final bill was a bit shocking.
Only con was the cost -- our dinner for two was $400!
The prices are up there without being over the top but the quality of the food commands it.
Paying that high price, I could have dined at other places with better food and service.
I'm sorry, but the prices at Boi are outrageous for this type of cuisine.
Though there are a handful of Japanese a la carte offerings on the menu, the prix fixe is most popular by far.
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person).
Grabbed a lunch here on a weekday and it was reasonably priced, well-portioned and generally well-prepared.
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.
To finish, the cost of the dinner was over-priced.
Although the pricing is on the more expensive side, this is a must try restaurant for its food.
although the food was well-prepared, it was not worth the price, especially when it does not include dessert!
Great decor, expensive drinks but worth the price, but the music is bland and the crowd is very cheezy.
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.
food was just ok,, to many high end places in such a cool lower east side neighborhood,like prune and apizz, prices to high in these places for this hood.
Although the food was good, it wasn't quite worth the price tag.
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!
The food was a meal I could find anywhere else in the city for a better price.
If you think the prices are outrageous, just take the family, enjoy the ride and go in and order a few appetizers as prelude to a real dinner.
(Note: Price variations were listed nowhere--and I had asked for a to-go drink, deciding--after paying--to sit at a no-service counter until my drink cooled off.
The Waterview is one of the best diners I've evr been to interms of the quality and taste of the food.
I'm a chef (30 years), and I can honestly say that I've finally found Italian food worth eating at a reasonable price.
Sit at the bar (no reservations necessary), eat, talk to the bartender, and enjoy, b/c come dinnertime you will pay quadruple the price (but it's still worth it).
Diners choose between deep banquettes or seats at the bar, which offer a front-row view of the small preparation area and a chance to watch the two chefs as they whip together the elegantly constructed desserts.
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.
The food quality is good, but the prices are not worth it!
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.
The lunch specials are reasonably priced, but I avoid this place when I can only order off the regular menu.
Drinks were well priced and the buyback rate was fantastic.
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.
The food *was* pretty good, though, (though certainly not worth the prices) so it's worth checking out if you have an expense account to work with.
Also, they upped their prices, so I have their old menu, and was surprised when my bill came to over $5 more than it used to (I know, not a huge deal).
worth every penny, and with the deals on the bar , you could drink and sing to CURRYoke all night,,,,
The prices are decent for this type of food and dining experience.
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.
However for one appetizer, three entree's, one shared dessert, and two bottles of white, the bill was a cool $100!
Reasonable prices for Cuban food in the city.
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!
I thought the service was a little slow and not attentive enough for the price but other than that I'll be back when I can afford to spend $60 on dinner!
I expected high prices at Nello, but as I looked at the menu my eyes became as large as the Birkin Mary-Kate has been seen toting around these days--$18 for soup, $22 for a plate of mixed greens, $40 for pasta.
Someone should tell these people that high prices on the menu does not make your restaurant better.
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
BTW, the prices are very affordable, which make the mediocer service tolerable.
ran ~$30 ($12 for the taco, 8 for the rb, 10 fir the drink) plus tax and a very deserved tip.
The food is decent, but for what the bill comes to, it's just not worth it.
Charging full price for half pie toppings, and refusing delivery (1 block) for orders under $20.
It was Au Bar meets 'Absolutely Fabulous' meets a Versace Outlet Sale.
Overall, it is a nice place and if you don't mind possible attitude and the not-so-cheap prices, it is a great place to meet for coffee or drinks (they have a nice selection of that too!
The pricing isn't quite clear and look out for that asterisk on the menu where they add on that extra 6-8 bucks.
Good value for money--especially the $7 lunch special for 2 courses.
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.
Arriba Arriba has much better food, margs, and atmosphere with slightly higher prices, but well worth it.
I was thinking I am gonna have a nice dinner in that place that a friend of mine recommended to me , but beside the expensive prices that it has was nothing more.
Expect to get average food, a big bill and lots of attitude from the service.
When we followed the waiter to get back the card, the Manager explained that their machine did work, but someone else's bill was charged on our card (total charge=$140).
The service was warm, but it took forever to get the check.
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.
The prices weren't bad though - dinner ended up at $80 with tip and we had a couple drinks as well.
Our cocktails were ok but at ridiculous dance club prices.
The food is great and I found it to be fresh and the prices are below to average compared to other Greek Restaurants.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.
It's very reasonably priced considering the size of portions.
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.
This is definitely not a place to come for lunch because you can get the same food from a corner deli at half the price they charge here.
Growling at us when we asked for water is one thing, but to just lie and make NO effort to satisfy, or apologize at these moderately high prices ($12.
I looked for months for a reasonably priced place that could accommodate about 40 people for a wedding rehearsal dinner on a Friday night.
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.
But the price tag was high, and the food was comparable to a Las Vegas buffet for flavor and quality.
The food is just ok, not really memorable and not what you expect for the price but I guess the atmosphere is what you pay for.
The food was good but for the prices, it was definitely not worth it.
the regular prices looked pretty expensive (~$15 per appetizer, ~$35 per entre) so the restaurant week menu (at $35pp) seemed like a sweet deal.
This is definitely a special occasion spot, unless you don't mind a hefty bill, but rest assured that either way, it's well worth it.
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.
The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.
Rather you are paying rock bottom price for a meal that could cost you triple any where else.
The menu sticks to standard Italian dishes--linguine with clam sauce, chicken parmigiana, and fettuccine Alfredo--but the reasonable prices add to the charm.
WAY OVER PRICED , HAD MUCH BETTER MEALS FOR JUST OVER HALF THE PRICE IN PLACES JUST AS NICE.
We reserved the downstair lounge for private parties and the price was fairly reasonable.
Warning Service is decent, but it takes forever to get the check.
It was also very reasonably priced, we had 4 bottles of wine, appetizers, dinner, and coffee and our bill was just over 50 per person.
You must think that the quality is poor for them to sell it for such a low price.
One price for dinner left for no surprises.
Order ended up being double the price of a normal lunch.
The rest of the meal was good, but a little over priced for Chinese take out style food.
The drinks were water down and the only BIG thing was the bill.
Flavorful Indian favorites like vegetable pakora, lamb tikka masala and tandoori chicken, as well as unexpected offerings such as Alaska king crab legs and fried coconut shrimp, are served at extremely reasonable prices.
Prices are not cheap, but not expensive but the meal is worth every penny.
The characters were very entertaining, and while the prices are a little steep, it is well worth the cost.
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.
The food is ok, but not worth the prices.
1 hour for water, 1 hour for drinks, 1 hour for food, as you can see we were there for almost 5 hours before our bill came, not for enjoyment but pure frustration.
The food is average the prices high and the whole experience was very upsetting.
prices were low, you got a good deal, sushi was ok; everybody wins.
Oh, the prices were not so bad either, we paid $58 for chicken, salmon, one sushi roll, one ceasar salad and soda :).
) The food was good, but not at all worth the price.
The kicker was when there were three items on our check that were priced higher than stated on the menu and by the server.
For the price I paid for a cup of Bustelo coffee w/ milk I could buy 2 vacumed packs for 3 bucks.
Three course meal for lunch was $13, the prices for dinner were just as great!
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.
The food was certainly fine, although prices were high by any standard, with dinner for four being over $300 without drinks.
The price is cheap - 5 dumplings for $1.
Interestingly, cost only becomes truly apparent when dinner is over, as there is no menu before that presented for deserts.
we ordered simple salads, which were outrageous in price and def.
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.
I go to Hing Won pretty often for lunch because it is close by and the prices are right.
The prices are reasonable but they don't have a sushi lunch.
I realized that you dont have to wait hours and pay crazy prices for food.
26 seats also has the most reasonable prices in NYC, it is a true gem.
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.
He was not accommodating at all and the handful of dishes I sampled that night failed to compare to anything you would find elsewhere in the city for less than half the price.
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.
The menu features such sumptuous fare as lobster ravioli in a light aurora sauce, double-cut grilled veal chop with an aromatic salsa verde, and octopus salad with steamed potato, red onions, and caper berries.
The fondue was good, but not worth the very expensive price tag.
Why would anyone ever go here when the same food (and menu) is double the price of Baba and Jaya in Chinatown.
The food was good but not worth the price.
The ambience is diner-like and the wait staff is rushed, but at these prices, I can't complain.
We wouldn't bother quibbling over the price of a few drinks anyway but I wonder why they would offer if they weren't intending to back it up.
If the food is out of your price range then at least go for happy hour for a drink - although the drinks cost a bit more then the average happy hour bar after you receive one you would agree that it is worth it.
In fact you can find their menu offerings at other places for better qualities and lower prices.
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.
food for fancy prices; menu consisted of one page; antipasto, and pizza; that was pretty much it; the other 3 pages was to my surprize the wine list.
I always thought the food was decent, but not spectacular and the price fair, but no bargain.
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.
) I'm sticking with Cafe Mozart--which has the same desserts, bigger slices, and lower prices!
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.
i went here on a whim and found out you could get sushi for half price kind of like happy hour.
The only redeeming factor of the night was the dessert which was very good but certainly not worth the cost of an overall horible experience.
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).
The prices seemed reasonable with entrees ranging from $14-$25.
the prices are right and i strongly recommend this place for any time of day: early breakfast or late night snack.
Portion was just a bit small compare with other restaurant but the price was lower than usualy as well (7.
Worth the trip and the wait (and the higher than average price)?
As for the food, apart from the Chef's Omakase, the appetizers and rolls are just below mediocre for the price they charged.
Not only did they refuse to give me any milk but they charged me full price ($9) for plain udon noodles - no broth, veggies, or meat just wet noodles in a bowl.
Ok, it's not greasy steak and juicy burger good, but it's a light healthy fare, if you are into that kind of stuff.
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.
And Mondays fajita are half price all night.
And although I've noticed that the prices have gone up a little since they opened, it's still a great menu.
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
There are no price listed in the menu, and she will not provid them with a smile.
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.
Again, since I go out to dinner several times a week in NY, I am used to paying high prices and do not mind at all.
Besides the price, here are some other annoyances: bleaching the floors during the dinner and automatically charging you 20% gratuity on your credit card without your knowledge.
The food is not five star but the prices reflect that.
The price was right too--I spent under $30 for my entree and two drinks.
The prices did not reflect the quality of the meal.
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.
We walked out the door with only a drink in each of us and the bill was still over $100.
Fantastic flavor, but certainly not worth the high price of the small glass.
Bill for three with 7 plates, glass of sangria each and coffee and one dessert was 45 each with tip - not too bad but a tad overpriced for the serving size of the dishes.
After being given a bad table at Becco and leaving there, we walked around and decided on Da Rosina because the price was right and the menu looked good.
Sure the service isn't the best but the food is tasty and the prices are great.
I just think the prices are high for the type of food the kitchen turns out as well as the portion sizes.
I've had the same steak at Peter Lugers for double the price.
I would only recommend this restaurant to a friend if waiting at least 40 minutes for your RESERVATION is acceptable, and you don't mind paying for relatively standard fare.
When I look at the menu I was surprised at the relatively high price compared with other korean restaurants.
i would not go after the early bird b/c its not worth it, find better food for full prices.
To make matters worse, the waitress followed us out, and demanded that we leave a better tip.
The presentation of some of the dishes and desserts were great but taste and quality of the food was sub-par especially for the prices that we were paying.
Since we already have our drinks there is no choice, so we are forced to pay full price.
They charge $24 for entrees and ask additional price of $3 for rice or $6 for vegetables as side dish!
If you want great Italian food, fairly price, good service, in Brooklyn, a couple of subway stops from Union Square,(where you should complain about the prices) go to Al Di La.
A few of us went the other night for cocktails (half price!)
There is no way the food and service here are worth the prices they charge.
Could have gone to Pastis for a salad three times the size for the same price.
Where else can you go to get freshly made Italian food at ridiculously low prices?
The dinner menu promises creative-yet-comforting fare, such as beef brisket in a red wine and fig sauce, panko-crusted tofu over hijiki salad, and a six-spice beef burger.
Do not go to this restaurant unless you like paying high prices for small protions, ordering a drink that arrives 20 minutes later, or ordering a meal only to get the side dish 5 minutes after you're done.
Nevertheless, after waiting for an eternity to be seated, we finally sit down and wait for our menus, wait for our food, and to our surprise the food was minimal relative to the price.
I can only speak as a non-Indian, since we both come from an originally American palate, but Indian cuisine, both Northern and Southern, is my favorite non-Western cuisine, and I'm always on the prowl for something delicious and worth the price.
(dissapointed) Over price for a lunch menu, including the lunch specials(be smart.
Although the prices are kind of high for lunch the atmosphere is nice.
The prices were outrageous, but we assumed the quality would be commensurate, so we ordered.
I have dined here for over 20 years and I know the management will NOT compromise the cuisine for any haute trendy fare.
I will be back not only because the price was so unbelievable but the atmosphere was just plain COOL and the food was spectacular.
The average price of a meal (app, entree, 1 drink and tip) is probably around $28.
After hearing all of the specials, you would think they were twice as much as the menu prices (as other places do).
I ordered chicken vindaloo, the delivery took about an hour, and it cost me $13 with tip.
no dish on brunch menu over $11 - definitely worth the price.
Id say a little better than most Thai Ive eaten, and the menu had an astounding selection, which isnt bad for such a reasonable price.
Check out the little room with the red seats and candles and get a green dragon saketini - it's worth the NYC cocktail price ($14).
After all that, it is average food at best with huge bill at the end.
The food was good overall, but unremarkable given the price.
On the top of everything at the end of the dinner the waiter gave us the wrong check.
Service was fine and the food delivered in reasonable time given the crowd, but for the price I was disappointed.
for the prices that are on the regular menu we were expecting something more upscale and less generic.
I checked this place out during the blizzard, and was thrilled to discover the $12 early bird price fixe (until 6:30 PM) -- appetizer, entree, dessert, and soda.
With 5 items on the menu and prices this low, you'd think turnover would be a priority -- think again!!!
When one compares the quality of the food to some of the city's other italian restaurants, and then particularly when one factors in the very reasonable prices here, I feel that this restaurant comes out a winner.
The menu offers a lineup of USDA prime steaks at higher-end prices paired with sides such as crab cakes, fried oysters and onion rings.
Some of the food is the Italian American red-sauce variety - fine if you're stuck in the past, but, there are also a number of very good, far more authentic Italian items at most reasonable prices.
The food is average, at best (I have been repeatedly underwhelmed by the mediocre fare) and the service is only good if Elaine is within range.
Prices are reasonable, probably $55/pp with appetizers, main course, dessert and a drink.
I order the Jerk Chicken full price off the menu.
However, the food, once you get over the price, was very good.
The ambience isn't great but the food is so tasty and so reasonably priced that it's definitely a fun date place if you want to get a bunch of stuff and sample.
Although the sides at Lugers are delicious (the bacon is out of this world) the steak is entirely priced way too high.
the trendy atmosphere and high price fooled me into thinking that somehow the food would be innovative.
Though the service might be a little slow, the waitresses are very friendly.
After reading other reviews I was expecting poor service and ambience but was pleasantly surprised by our more than helpful waiter.
Went for an early V-Day dinner, only to be highly disappointed by the service.
The service is excellent -- the staff is attentive and the waitress was well-informed about the menu.
The final blow was when the waiter brought us the check before we had even finished dessert--never mind that the only reason we were taking a long time to finish the meal was because of the extreme delay in the service of our food.
Although the service can be a bit brusque at times, the food is always good, hearty and hot.
While service is still ok, the food has been not up to par on my last few visits.
After the wine experience, I actually expected worse than what was served.
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.
Unfortunately, the food along with the unhelpful service doesn't make up for the atmosphere.
Heck even if they had awful service and atmosphere I would still come to this place for their dumplings, luckly that is not the case.
The bar downstairs is a lot of fun, so if you get stuck waiting, just have drink.
We recently had brunch at this establishment with two other couples and I have to say I was majorly dissapointed with the service and how we were treated.
My group got charged an outrageuos $63/person for a family-style dinner, including a 23% tip added for the horrible service.
Perhaps if the owner manager would concentrate more on service then acting as a dj this restaurant would run better.
The decor is sparse and elegant, the service warm (though my waitress was occasionally difficult to find), and the sushi fresh.
Yes, the wait is long and ridiculous as times, especially as you watch others gobble down their food.
Went here for a casual Sunday night dinner at 7:45pm; dinner was served at 10:15pm!
seems everyone ordered sushi there were tons of delivery orders (we can tell as we sat near the back).
Since it's a small place, it's best to get there early for dinner as the wait can be quite long if you don't make a reservation.
The wait was much shorter than the hostess quoted, which was great.
Dropped in for a quick bite with a friend -- like the previous reviewer it took more than 15 minutes for any kind of service at all (including getting water) and then another 45 minutes to get a burger (which admittedly was good).
First of all, I think our service person was miffed that we couldn't order much for apps or drinks since we had already started at the bar.
however, we went for lunch and were the only ones eating there and yet the service seemed eager for us to be done and to get out.
Although the service was top notch, all of the food was disappointing: burnt octopus, bland ravioli, odd tasting mint love letters.
The place was packed, but it didn't effect our service or getting our food/drinks promptly.
I've never been during the dinner rush, whence I think most of the service complaints originate.
Our dinner took over two hours because of the slow service.
It was my birthday and although they came out with of a bottle of bub, I felt embarrassed about the lack of service.
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.
Miyagi is my sushi restaurant of choice in the Village; it's never insanely crowded, the service is very sweet (I've never experienced any of the nastiness described in prior reviews), and the tabs are small.
The service was polite, friendly and prompt, the characters walking around entertained the kids but werent intrusive to our meal.
The bartenders could have been a lot nicer but the drinks they shook up kind of made up for their poor attitude.
Our experience consistently reflected a lazy attitude by the house towards cooking technique and customer care.
service is good although a bit in your face, we were asked every five mins if food was ok, but better that than being ignored.
Gia Lam I' s service is not much better but the food was.
Forget the phony yuppies of Areos and The Pearl Room, and ENJOY the down home service and OUTSTANDING food here.
Food was served very promptly, but our wait for drinks was surprisingly long.
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.
The service was slow (10 minutes for drinks??)
The service was not the greatest, but the place is huge and it has a nice setting.
The service is not very good, but I find that we try Atlantic Grill at least once a year.
The service is ok since it is new and the staff didn't know the food items too well.
We orderes and our food took about 1 hour to get it, after the long wait.
The atmosphere would have been almost perfect if it werent for the fact that we were seat right naext to the noisy kitchen but I guess the speedy service comes with a price.
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.
We had to ask the busboy if bread came with our meal, which it did and we received after waiting about 30 minutes.
Great tasting meat, intimate if slightly noisy ambience and the service is slightly less attentive than it could be but is done with charm.
The food was great but the music was loud and hip-hop and the wait was ridiculous and the prices were out of this world.
I had high hopes for this high-ranked wonder, only to be let down by inattentive service doubled by LONG food and drink wait times.
Helpings are HUGE and most come with choice of rice and beans, or salad and plantains.
I was NOT told this before when I made the reservation and explained to the manager RICHARD who has the poorest customer service ever and rude and said he didn't believe me.
This time, the service was decent and the food was mediocre at best.
The advertised unlimited mimosas and bloody marys is too good to be true until you realize that they keep down your drink count because the service is so slow.
The service can be lacking at times, but the desserts and overall experience certainly counter this flaw.
Service was friendly, but not terribly attentive, took 30 minutes after dinner to clear our plates, and another 20 to get our check.
Nothing wrong with the service, either, but don't we all want something more from a dining experience than just average for above-average prices?
We organized a party at this bar and have gotten very poor service.
The ambience and service here are great but the food was really awful.
My water was filled like eight times, good, fast service.
Huge selection of farm roasted coffee served with a smile, absolutely no attitude, and accompanied with the best pastries in Manhattan.
The bartender was skilled, the owners were very friendly, but the wait for my burrito was longer than I would have liked.
Their cappuccino's are served in a generous mug with a bit too much milk and too-sudsy foam.
Went to dinner for a law firm recruiting event, and the service was abysmal.
Showed up last Sunday night with girlfriends and no reservation, host was very helpful finding us a seats at bar after short wait.
This place is decent if you want to hang out with friends (who don't mind paying up) in a low-key atmosphere with good food, but don't mind putting up with sub-par level of service.
The third time, after, an hour and a half of waiting, my friend went up to the host to check the status.
While the food was good, service tried way too hard.
Though the wait may be long because they only have 16 tables it is worth it, and it seems to go by fast after a drink or two at the bar.
Choppy service with a bit of attitude thrown in -when we asked for the restaurant week prix fix menus the aiter made a face.
The food was good but it will not make up for the negligent, rude, condescending and hostile service with the full support of their management we received.
Went with a girlfriend, waited for over an hour while we had drinks, food was ok, service was terrible.
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.
While I love this place, I do recommend going here mostly for lunch or an early dinner because the crowd and long wait can be annoying.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.
The food is delish, you just have to know the manners to consume, if you don't want to be frustrated with the service.
Friendly service, and outdoor seating in the warm months, eases the crush.
Service is coddling and correct and there's no sense of hurry, so diners linger over a cheese course or a round of liqueurs.
The service was great -- my glass was refilled without having to ask, we were greeted by the manager that day to ask how our food was.
I agree that the wait staff wasn't very friendly, but the service was adequate and our food arrived without too much of a wait.
Service was good, except for a very long gap between appetizers (which came out too quickly) and entree (whick took another 45 minutes to arrive).
The service was only average - even with reservations we waited 40 minutes, and had to ask for our table, which had been ready, the hostess just never bothered to tell us.
I've sampled several other dim sum places here, and none feature the winning combination that Triple 8 offers: reasonable prices, large range of standard _and_ less common dim sum, little/no wait (not like the Mott St.
The meal was improperly served.
Needless to say I will rather go spend $400 on dinner somewhere else wirh better service.
We ordered off the restaurant week menu, which at other establishments means automatic second-rate service, but not here.
Sometimes service was a bit slow, and we had to ask for salads, water, etc a couple of times, but this was all done with good humor and no resentment.
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.
I expected there to be more options for tapas the food was mediocre but the service was pretty good.
also you dont mind waiting because theres such a buzz around the bar it makes you feel like you are out for drinks.
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.
Of course we went there with a large party and had to wait a bit to get seated (even with reservations), but we had all our dishes served at the same time and promptly.
We went at 1 am, we got food, fast service and Excellent drinks.
Service has improved drastically from the old days, you are now seated by a hostess instead of standing behind a nearby table waiting for them to finish.
Setting aside the interminable wait for food, the cheese omelet opened up on the way from the kitchen to the table so that when it arrived, it looked like a large yellow pancake with a slab of uncooked cheese sitting in the middle.
If you consider throwing food at your when they remember good service, then go for it.
The worst service I have ever had - entered the restaurant and waited at the door for 5 minutes before deciding to push our way past the extremely small bar to find a waitress.
Get there before 7:30 for dinner or get ready for a really long wait - this place doesn't take reservations.
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.
A very pretty setting to have a meal, but unfortunately the service and food don't match the atmosphere.
that the waiting is horrific but the food is great.
The service isn't spectacular and neither is the ambience, but on a lunch hour, all you're looking for is a satisfied stomach.
The problem is that if you want anything to continue the meal, if you need an extra minute to go over the menu, or if, horrors, you want the check, you might be in for a lengthy wait.
The service can be a bit spotty since they are sometimes busy taking phone orders to attend to the restaurant patrons so make sure you have a lot of time to spare when you go there for dinner.
I find the attitude of the managers to be appallingly superior, and the food below average, at sky-high prices.
Delivery wasn't the fastest, but the food was still hot so I won't complain.
While the food is terrific, you must overlook the often apathetic service, and the sometimes downright rude Manager that seats people.
I went there for a late dinner last night with a friend and the service was aweful.
For the price and quality of the food, the service should have been a lot better than it was.
Great place to get a good fulfilling meal but do not go for ambience or service.
The servers were prompt and attentive, but the food arrived lukewarm (maybe it was served so quickly because it was pre-cooked and had been sitting out for a while) and was not all that flavorful.
Service was inexcusably, excruciatingly slow- it took more than 30 min to get the first round of drinks, by which point our party was ready to walk out.
We got there early so there wasn't much of a wait -- otherwise, I usually sit at the bar and have a cocktail.
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.
The wait for a table is interminable.
but we waiting two hours to get it (we had reservations but it was late so we wanted to try to come in earlier).
Just be sensible, if the wait is 45 minutes or longer--just have sushi there some other time, and eat something else that night.
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.
Expect to be cramped and you may have to wait a little for your food, but the service is really friendly and helpful.
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!
the decor isn't quite like Shun Lee but the service will definitely make up for any shortcoming.
For the cost of the lunch I expected much better service.
I have been a waiter for many years and I can tell you that if bad service is given you at least apologize to the costumer.
And I'm saying that dinner has actually taken about an hour more than it should, just because of the slow service.
Manager couldn't be bothered to come over and acknowledge the mistake.
I sat at the bar to receive faster service, and boy was i wrong!
Unfortunately it gets very crowded on the weekends, so if you don't mind dining at the bar you can skip the wait for a table.
Although we were seated quickly, ambiance was cozy, service was decent the overall menu selection and overall food taste and presentation was less to be desired!
Food is pretty good but the service is horrific.
never had a bad pizza, the staff has always been friendly, if not overly solicitous, and the only downside is the occasional wait on line outside.
We had a horrible night here stemming from intolerable service, no appologies after our food never came out after waiting longer than an hour and a half, and a plate of crusty bread thrown at us when we asked for their signature corn bread.
We had reservations and when we showed up the manager told us the wait was over 45 mins.
The waiter had a slight attitude and brought our wine aprroximately 10 minutes into our appetizer.
We did enjoy the recommended, yet simple $40 sangiovese, atmosphere and loosey-goosey service, but we were disappointed overall.
The food is definitely the attraction, but the service has been consistently bad on every visit.
really bad service took half an hour just to get a drink.
The night I was there, besides extraordinary food and service, the owners; Carmelo Leotta and Pietro Cinquemani were belting out Mario Lanzi tunes on the Steinway piano.
Food is served simply but quickly with a smile.
I must start by stating plainly that I love Jeollado, but it is loud, the service is bad, but the rolls are great and it is the best deal (CHEAP) in town.
The food is ok at best, but the service and the uncomfortable accomidations have such a negetive effect, that one can only wonder why they waited so long for so little.
The service was a bit inadequate-and be warned they bring your food as it is ready- so be sure to order apps then after being served order entrees.
We ate at the bar to avoid waiting for a table.
After waiting over a month for weekend reservations, I would of rather gone to IL Baggato.
Food : A++ Service : A++ Value : A++ No other steakhouse in Manhattan can beat Ruth's Chris.
First, the seating people gave me huge attitude and claimed I had not reserved a table at the grotto - and I quote my reservation You are all set for the grotta this saturday.
Took my girlfriend here for dinner on a friday night, we were seated promptly and the service continued to be good for the remainder of the evening.
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.
The service is pleasent, but they did forget to bring my mother in law's appetizer.
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.
The menu was still small, but the quality of food that came out of the kitchen was superb, and the service was not bad at all.
The service was great, the chef even gave me a complimentary dish.
nice place, good service but the price is a little bit more expensive when compare with the area, location and small dishes.
Had to constantly ask the waiter to top up water glasses, but generally service was ok.
service was reasonably quick via delivery, but the hunan beef had no spice whatsoever and the chicken chow mein really looked inedible.
Even if their service was not top notch at all times, at least the wait staff was very accommodating and respectful.
While you're standing around for a good half hour waiting for two plain burgers, you're being bumped into by people waiting to be seated because of the narrow passageway leading to the dining area.
However, unlike a lot of places the service was great: we walked in after not being able to get a reservation and were seated within 10 mins.
On top of it all, I was with family from out of town and the only reason I took them there was because a friend had mentioned the place and Coffee Shop had a little wait.
Service was good, the waiter was a little flip, but we can deal with that.
I got fed up waiting that I went to get the check and paid for it at the counter where my waitor was busy flirting with the cashier.
Service was at best distracted, at worst disdainful, even though we came early with a reservation and are not food novices.
The drinks are cute as is concept--unfortunately, the service is not and neither is the wait.
Seating is usually very prompt but expect a wait at peak times such as Sunday Brunch.
My date and I were both taken back by the lack of the friendly attitude from the owner of the restaurant.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
The decor in the dinin room is a bit bland, but the service is always friendly.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
They kept us waiting for more than an hour WITH a reservation and WITHOUT an apology.
Their service needs some work, but it is safe to say that you will enjoy the food.
We were seated promptly there were a few people waiting in the bar, but had ordered quickly been at the table less than 45 mins.
Went on a Saturday with out of town tickets and the food was great but the service was awful, even surely.
They have possibly the worst service in New York I have waited until the waiter has finished his paper, begged for water and waited over an hour for my meal.
If you don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table or a long time for service then don't go @ 9pm on a Friday or Saturday night.
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.
We had a 9:30pm reservation for two which stretched out to an hour wait.
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.
We were here for lunch and were seated promptly in the bright, comfortable dining room.
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.
We sat at the bar so the service wasn't too bad.
But in my opinion, a great experience doesn't just pertain to food, and an evening of dining is certainly given a bad taste when the service is not up to par.
Service: Below Average, the staff joked stood around in the dinning room joking around with each other.
In April, the service was fair but again, the food was at best only warm.
Yes the wait is dreafully long, the place feels a bit uncomfortable to talk in with your dining partner, but the food is excellent none the less.
The atmosphere couldn't be better, and the service was outstanding -- at the time there were only two people working the entire bar, and we still got taken care of like it was a five star restaurant.
The food was great so that made up for the lack of service from the waitress.
If you want peace quiet, ambience and patient service, go elsewhere.
Great food -- but some of the worst service in the neighborhood.
yes this place has good pizza but HORRIFIC HORRIFIC delivery service.
Nice decor poor food poor service.
While the food was good and reasonably priced, the service was horrible.
My two best friends took me to Cafe Gray for my birthday and by the end of the dinner, they were apologizing for the poor service and so-so food.
I would definitely recommend getting reservations as the wait can be very long.
Obviously bz place, greeting was less than welcoming, service was adequate from less than friendly waiters, steak for 2 was anything but spectacular served with sauce that's better suited for seafood than meat.
It's served cold with carmelized onions atop, with mashed potatoes on the side and it's the best darn thing this side of the Hudson.
as of late though(maybe change of ownership)the food quality dropped with the menu change and the service got worse.
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.
Faux Models/Waiters hustle around the tight spaced restaurant, while the bar is crowded with waiting patrons and dates enjoying a drink.
Just finished a tasty jerked chicken dinner that was too pricey for the subpar service and good, but not great food.
When we mentioned that we had theatre tickets, the waiter made certain that our dishes were served promptly and courteously.
BTW, the prices are very affordable, which make the mediocer service tolerable.
Though the service is speedy be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes for the soup dumplings.
if you don't mind slow service and limited selections on the menu occasionally, then you might consider dining there.
If you hate waiting for a table, then get take-out just around the corner next door.
Somewhat agree with the previous reviews about service and the long wait but once seated, the food is well worth it.
However, it was a very long wait (over 45 min) and I confronted the hostess who stated that she could not find me at the bar and she had seated 6 other parties before me.
Despite reservations, we ended up waiting for 1hr+
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.
I never have to wait a long time to get my food, so it's a great place to go if you're really hungry and/or in a hurry.
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.
I had reservations for 9:30pm and after waiting more that 50 mins and bunch of lies that you're next.
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.
and although the service is a little slow, the lax atmosphere allows you to drink and eat away the afternoon or evening and not even care.
To complain about waiting for a table, etc.
I agree with the other poster who wrote about the service: the waiter challenged every single dish we ordered with a special (I've never had a more money hungry waiter) and after waiting 20 minutes for the check we had to call the manager over; who was unapologetic.
Good atmosphere, the service is so-so and there is a long wait if you don't have reservations.
it did fill up pretty quickly for lunch, but nobody seemed to have to wait too long, and i'm guessing they might be less busy for dinner.
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.
I took a few clients for lunch and the service was lackluster, food was fair at best, and the prices were outrageous - Don't wast your time with this place !
It's a great place, the terrific service carried out throughout the night as we sat and got some appetizers and then decided to stay for a bottle too!
The service was warm, but it took forever to get the check.
This is a don't miss if you are anywhere close to the area, but if you're going for lunch, be there by noon to avoid a wait.
) Service was good not great, waiters stood around,didn't ask how everything was.
Luckily, I made reservations for our group or else it would have been a long wait.
Not the best ambience and the service is sometimes just mediocre, but the quality of the food is incredible.
I have to say that I've been there only during brunch time but the service even though slow, it was good.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Service is FAST so if you are dining, order entrees after receiving apps.
Service was slow and spotty; had to flag the waiter down many a time to get drink and food orders in.
If you don't mind interacting with sour-puss employees, then by all means, enjoy the treats at Sweet Melissa.
There are times when there is a long wait at lunch so be safe and make a reservation.
The only downer was the fruit fondue desert from the prie fixe menu wasn't as good as it looked (the chocolate was runny), and the wait between our salad and main course was too long.
The service was unattentive and the only time she came over was to aggressively push drinks on us.
My advice: go the bathroom at home, and then go to Ginza for EXCELLENT sushi and service.
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.
We had no problems with our resevations and found the service and the meal well worth a wait, had we run into one.
After our disappointing meal and terrible service we asked to speak to the manager (who was sitting alone having a glass of wine) when we were told he was too busy to speak to us!
Well, no secret that a brunch here on Saturday or Sunday will be a long wait - but once you bite into those pancakes, it will have been worth every minute.
I mean Pho Viet Huong is at a good location, but face it, the broth is cloudy and oily -they're supposed to constantly dump the top layer off of the Pho broth, service is ran with attitude who cares about you, I have plenty of other customers to make money off of.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.
and don't be ashamed to ask for more during the hour long wait for your entrees.
The service was really bad at several points our waiter would just leave for a cigarette for like 10 minutes while we waited for him to get us another drink or even pay the bill.
I took 8 clients to lunch and was appaled by the overall service.
My friends and I dropped by on a Sunday, and there was absolutely NO SERVICE (the supposed only female bartender even told us there was no one else but her, and given that there were people in there waiting to dine and drink, that was ridicoulas!
The calamari, the penne and vodka sauce, the friendly service the parking and the open area kitchen to see all the action in the making!
I've never been able to find a lunch place in the midtown with the same quality and service, until now.
It was worth the wait , an hour, without a reservation, for an out of this world meal.
Service was unbelievably on target down to the smallest detail; our waiter invited us to sample a new desert under consideration for their menu and a new line of ice wines.
A 3 course-meal took 2 1/2 hours, including 20 - 30 minutes waiting to get the check after dessert.
The food was abundant and good but wasn't worth the unpleasant wait.
The service has always been outstanding and even when we didn't have a reservation they worked something out, where I agreed to keep our meal to just eating.
The service was good, but not excellent; however, the waiter was initially huffy with me when my guest was only 5 minutes late, threatening to make me move!
Warning Service is decent, but it takes forever to get the check.
Good food, but bad service.
The Kitchen is only separated from its patrons by glass is immaculate and the service is undeniable heartfelt.
The service was good enough for a crowded place.
We were the only two people sitting out front and the waiter was unable to provide us with attentive service OR our dinner.
Aside from that, the service is adequate (visible, and will help you if you ask, but lack initiative), and the food, well, could be a lot worse.
I highly suggest you make reservations, as wait times can be extremely long.
I will have to say the food was good and the chance to sample wines not often found in other restaurants was a positive but the abyssmal service left a bad taste.
And the service is unbearable - I waited for ages to get my drink, got the wrong sushi order, and had my appetizer whisked away prematurely.
The space was unique (even though looking out the skylight windows on a tenament was a bit odd) and the service, happily, was fine.
Prompt local delivery, minimal seating and counter space.
This is one of my first dining experiences in NYC when I first moved here 10 years ago, and although Hudson Corner is consistently good, it has gone downhill over the years in both food quality and service!
Even as a stranger, the service at the bar was excellent as was the wait staff who continuously checked back to see if I was okay while waiting for my party.
The service was fine, out appitizers took forever to come out, and then they dumped the rest of the food on us, without giving us a chance to enjoy our appitizers.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
Service was good except the waitress brought over the check before I asked her.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
since it looks like everyone's already familiar with the rude hostess and long wait for a table (even with a reservation), i'll skip that part.
Service was slow and our drink order took forever (and the place wasn't crowded).
The food here is consistently good - the service is not - but it seems that they're getting busier than they can handle, good for them, bad for guests.
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.
I sometimes go here when in the area and though the food is always great, the Basil Chicken and Shrimp Tempura roll in particular, the service has much to be desired.
I though the service could have been better, the staff are not experience enough to know how to make the drinks without reading the instructions.
It was well past 8 pm when they finally got us the check, and we asked for free rounds of champagne to compensate for the poor service (since the wine dinner had started, and were denied.
True, the service is hardly on par with the finer restaurants in NYC, but I go for the energy and the tasty tapas-like seafood treats that are perfect with beer or sake.
The wait for brunch is kinda long (what can you say?
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.
-4 waiters bustling around though no table was actually being helped -25 minutes to take our order -15 minutes to get the drinks we order -another 20 minutes to get our food -NO apology from the waiter In between our lunch, a man burst out shouting in anger at the lousy service (he asked for ketchup 20 minutes ago and never got it).
We didn't have reservations, and showing up at 8:45 we were told it would be about an hour wait.
but no reservations makes for a very long wait, usually of an hour.
When the food came, it was almost good, but the lack of AC, bad service, and overall apathetic staff, from the HOST, to the MANAGER to the WAITER, ruined the experience.
Service was a little slow, but going on a Monday night during the Brooklyn Restaurant Week, where 20 bucks each got a friend and I appetizer, entree, and dessert was phenomenal.
Sure, the wait was a bit long for a table, but the service was good and the food was pretty good too.
Nonetheless, our waiter gave us prompt service and a smile every time he came over to take an order, bring us drinks, or check up on how we were doing.
i went on a thurs night and it was a bit loud due to the many businessmen eating their dinner, but the food and service more than outdid the lack of peaceful dining.
I went to the tasting before Nobu opened and the menu and service has greatly improved since then.
I realize that this place has a huge menu and, therefore, will have some not-so-good things, but it's the rudeness of the service that gets to me.
Excellent Steaks, the attitude of the Servers could be a little better but the food makes up for everything.
It's sad that everything about this place was great (even the service and decor) except for the steak.
the sushi is so-so, the 70s orange-themed atmosphere is 2000ish, and there is no reason for the staff's attitude.
the service was very slow and his knowledge of the menu wasnt that good.
Service was bad enough that we decided to head out after the first round of drinks.
If you live downtown, definitely grab one of their menus, make a phone call and relax in front of the tv while they pound the pavement to get to you (although they do take about 45 minutes on average to get to you)-- the in restaurant service is likewise very very good.
The 'people watching' and table location (on boardwalk) made up for the rude service.
I made the mistake of coming here with 5 friends for brunch so the wait was extremely long and then we got stuck at the only table big enough for 6 (downstairs near the bathroom away from all of the other patrons) so that was dissapointing but I will be back soon with 1 or 2 friends.
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.
Although we were seated 35 minutes after our reservation the service from then on was outstanding.
The pizza is thet always fresh and just made they hav an outdoor seating area that is partially covered they also have a full service restaurant on the premises they make everything on premises.
If you had good service there, try to get your waiter's name and request him/her by name the next time.
If you are a person who wants perfect service, you should probably skip it, you may wait for your server to sing a song before you get your drinks but that is half the fun.
Casual and kid-friendly, the red-and-gold colored restaurants offer quick drive-thru or dine-in service with a menu of burgers, sandwiches and more.
Overall, the food makes up for what is missing in the ambience and service.
The retaurant is know for the long wait but they do take reservation for group of 5-8 people, so it was just perfect for my friend BD dinner for 3 couples.
since we're informed its service isslow we had dinner in midtownwent for dessertb-day thing.
However service was quite slow for a lunch hour.
(We did make reservations, since we had a group of 8, but had a short wait when arriving a little early.
We are laidback diners and as we've both waited tables, we tend to be forgiving of irregular service.
It gets crazy busy like any other bar on the weekends, so don't go there on a busy night if your looking for a quiete dinner party or fine dining service.
The service may be a little slow (what can you expect in this laid back atmosphere), but a Sunday brunch is a rewarding experience.
Get in before peak dinner time (7-8 PM) to avoid harried service.
My date knew the waiters from years of dining here, so we were treated like royalty.
It had not been made fresh at the bar, but kept in the freezer till we ordered, they also forgot our soup, kept us waiting for the frozen sushi for close to an hour.
The waitress had an ongoing diatribe with a waiter the whole time she served us-it was ALL BAD!!
Food was good, but not worth the wait.
The service was rather slow but our waiter was very pleasant and obliging.
I don't usually go there over the weekends or during prime dinner hours--but for a weekday dinner it's great, and I've never had any problems with crowds, waiting, or bad service.
People were leaving because they had been waiting for hours, however we decided to stay and have a complimentary drink at the bar which was absoloutely beautiful along with the view, the only plus.
The wait could be long because of the limited number of seats but it is worth it, especially if you leave your cell phone # with them and go off for a drink at any one fo the excellent bars nearby, like lokie, great lake, etc.
Aperitif was the Casablanca; it was served carelessly with ice chunks large enough to sink the Titanic.
the service was somewhat spotty, but we were rewarded with free drinks and the waiters were all sweet and lovely, genuinely french-speaking but not snooty!
No extra pickles, no AC, no ice water, slow service, the whole thing was just dissapointing.
It was not the mistake of the frozen lasagna, it was the icy service of the manager which has spoiled this restaurant for me.
We had to ask for bread after 45 minutes and even though our waiter was GREAT, he had to ask the stiff manager to comp us a round of drinks for waiting so long.
The wait time for food can be long, so don't dine here if you're in a hurry.
If you can't tolerate slow service at a pizza place, then spend more money elsewhere.
And then he'll forget to bring your drink every time you order one, won't pay attention to your table of 8, will give you unwarranted attitude, and never be friendly or smile.
complaints were shrugged off and service was slow, causing the dinner to go on for over 2 hours.
I go generally with one friend but on occasion have popped in with more, if a table is not possible, as they are booked solid every night, well, the food and service is just as over-the-top amazing at the bar or in the lounge as it is in the dining room.
While the decor is a bit bland--a white room with a few fake palm trees and thatched roof--the service is fast and friendly.
Service during dinner was alright, but one's perception to a restaurant usually starts from the very beginning: the entrance.
The food, congeniality, and service have all deteriorated overf the past few years and so the wait is not worth it.
service, one would be overpaying for the experience and for the food.
When the bill came, both appetizers were charged even though we had one bite of the first and it should not have served competely overcooked.
The only drawback was slow service, but the food and ambience are so nice that your wait is A) pleasant and B) worth it.
They don't offer recommendations, take a long time with drink orders, don't check back after serving the entree, and plan on waiting a long time for the check.
The service was non-existant, the manager spent all of his time at the bar.
About a half hour wait with reservations.
We stumbled onto this diamond in the rough after our dinner plans at Schiller's were thwarted by a 90 minute wait.
Party of 4 after a Sunday matinee, no reservation, seated promtply, but service was slow.
The service is disorganised, no one gave us a menu for 15 mins once we were seated, but after that it went smoothly enough but no where near the stella performance of many half as pretensious restaurants.
Too bad the food and service aren't nearly as nice as the decor.
In all cases, service is slow but it's not the waiters fault.
Horrible service, below average cuisine, asked to leave the table before finishing our wine, and forced to have our port at the bar.
My only quibbles are service - which was confused (we waited 10 minutes for menus), and the wine list, which is over-the-top expensive.
Part of the charm is in the earnest service; part of it is the colorful clientele; but the real charm comes from what emerges from the kitchen.
The best tasting pizza by far, a long long wait for service but well worth it.
We have been waiting for months for a 8pm reservation at this very average restaurant.
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.
Came here for a b-day and ended up waiting so long even for a reservation.
i think friends coffee shop makes great food the service is great and they are very poilte i think that they should open more because there the best food store i ever ate from the food is addicting and you cant stop eating because it so delious.
The ravioli was the better of the two, but the serving was tiny, and the skin a bit rubbery.
The service was horrible- the 'manager' took my our order - did not write it down- and two of us were given the wrong apps and or entrees.
On the menu says Free delivery (Minimun order $10) but I was charged a couple of dollars on both opportunities.
While the recently added outdoor seating was what drew me and my friend to the restaurant, the food, service and overall experience were what drove us out!
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
After some good food and spotty service, my friends and I were surprised to get a bill that had a 20% tip included post-tax.
I for one do not plan to go back, there are many other places in Manhattan that have just as good food if not better, at the same prices with much better service.
The decor there is nothing special, though somehow the service manages to deal with the large crowds in an efficient, friendly manner.
I've since been back for a regular dining night out, it was packed and I should have made a reservation (the wait was a little long).
you may have to wait a bit for service but you will not be disappointed with the food.
I went there about three times, one for dinner on a sunday evening which is a salsa night after dinning, the service was slow and a bit rude, the plates average some shrimp octopus and empanadas.
I've been here several times for Sunday brunch now - (note: it helps if you're a late riser as I find the wait is always reasonable if you show up after 3pm).
Sushi is consistently fresh, service pleasant Sushi rice is a bit hard.
The new server we had was surprisingly well-versed on the menu and gave really solid service.
the solitary waitress was friendly though i found her service a little slow.
The bar was so crowded there was no point in ordering a drink, and when we were finally seated we got no service at all for 20 minutes.
After waiting for 90 minutes, the host gave away our table to a couple who arrived after us.
The desserts were both essentially the same, and the service was on the slow side.
For Manhattanites like us that are used to pretentious attitudes and expensive tabs, this place is definitely a nice change from the rest of the meatpacking district.
Tried it again for brunch, when the service was worse.
Even with our reservation, they had us waiting at the bar for over an hour.
Perhaps it's early and they will improve but service is VERY slow - took a good 25min for waiter to take our order on both visits and the second time I was one of three tables at a 5:30pm reservation so not like it was busy.
By the time you get to the table, it'll have been WELL worth the wait.
I had one of the worst service experiences in memory having the prix fix brunch there--waving arms, calling, asking two or three times for everything from coffee to the check.
The service sucks every time, but the food is usually tasty, even though the menu leans toward the boring and expected of French fare.
The service was average - the waiter did not check in on our meals and did not even refill the water, but was a bit pushy on desert (we both ordered schnapps).
Service is wonderful- I've sat there for over 3 hours at dinner and never felt rushed to leave.
But then there's the sluggish and absentminded service: twice someone tried to serve us something for another table and it took a long time to get our check.
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.
That said, I made sure to pay before we had coffee, so that the server was not waiting on us to pay; and I left a 30% tip, knowing we'd be there for a while.
Even without this hiccup, the service seemed very amateur--not snooty, as I've read in other reviews--just nowhere near as good as it should be given the price of the meal.
In my experience, Olympic Flame, a traditional NYC Greek coffee shop, offers good value for one's money in terms of food cost but passable to rude service, depending on who you get.
Again in a group 6 months ago, the service was even worse this time, practically begging for water and other drinks while we waited an age just to get our orders taken.
The atmosphere is bland and non-descript and the service is fine.
FOOD WAS OK,SERVICE NOT SO OK,WAITED FOR THE CHECK WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING,WAITED FOR CHANGE,WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING.
Waiting for a table is par for the course.
The service is good, but the staff is not too friendly.
There is no service at this bar, which means no drinks or food -- ultimately leading to a very frustrating night out, and you end up kicking yourself for not leaving an hour earlier.
Although the food what adequate, the service was preposterous.
Although the decor is lovely as usual, service has detiorated.
So, if you don't care about speedy service, go; but if you aren't in the habit of lighting your cigarette with twenties, avoid the tapas.
The food is consistantly great, but the wait is often long and the noise is often deafening.
probably not worth the wait on the weekend when pomodoro is a block away but worth getting for delivery if you are in the area or for dinner during the week.
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.
sushi portions were bigger than most places and service was average, far better options available in the area.
The service was lacking a bit, we waited about 20 mins for a waiter and water to come to us once we were sat and we had to ask for everything twice, even drink orders - I think maybe we just got stuck with a bad waiter though.
The only downside was the service was slow and our waitress kept forgetting to bring our drinks.
There is a litte bit of a wait on the food, but it is well worth it!
We showed up and waited 30 minutes in line 30 minutes to get our drinks -after we asked twice, the service was the worst I've had in nyc.
It is a small restaurant so without reservations, there can be a long wait.
But the service, though invariably genial and helpful, can be weirdly haphazard -- waiters disappear mysteriously, only to reemerge just when you've decided their shift must have ended -- possibly an understaffing issue?
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average.
Service was not snooty and you'll be treated the same whether you order one of the $150+ kaiseki dinners or a single entree.
We got there before our reservation and the seated us quickly.
However, the service has SIGNIFICANTLY declined since they expanded into the back room.
The only complaints (minor) was a 15 minute wait when we had a 10 PM reservation and the tables are pretty close to one another.
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.
After making reservations almost a month in advance, I was very disappointed to be seated in a secluded area for dinner next to the sushi bar and KITCHEN!!!!!!!
He did do the service part well enough -- brought the food, etc.
it is too bad because the food, ambiance, and drinks were great but they need serious help on the service.
I have worked in the restaurant industry for 5 years, and so am understanding of things out of my server's control, and I have never experienced such poor service!
The service was very rushed and as we were finishing our drinks and paying our bill, the owner asked us to leave so he could seat other people at our table.
If I went back, I'd have dinner in the bar--better service and even better atmosphere.
My vegetable Napoleon was good; although i first got the veggie burger because the waitress mis-heard and stood my friend up for another 15 minutes of waiting to have it served.
Service during either brunch or dinner could be quicker and more attentive at times.
I have no complaints about the wait or the service but the pizza was not at all something to write home about.
Service was prompt, although at times the waiters seemed to be spending more time dealing with the overflow from the bar than the diners (ever heard of cocktail waiters).
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
That being said, they do have a nice lounge area downstairs where you can just hang out, have a seat, and relax (no more waiting out in the cold or at the crowded bar).
Service was slow (20 minutes wait time before they came back with our drinks, not including 10 minute wait for them to take our drink order).
Go there for dinner this time and find it unusually bad in taste and not pleasent service at all.
my table of four was not totaly neglected, but there was a lag in how promptly we were being served.
Worth the trip and the wait (and the higher than average price)?
The journey may be long and the wait may be longer, but there is nothing that could keep me from this pizza.
Service is not particularly warm, but I've gone back again and again (for dinner) over the years on an almost monthly basis.
The food and drinks held up to eatery's rep and the service was just as good if not better.
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.
Summary good service, bad food!
The food is really great but the service is absolutely horrible!
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.
I went for an early dinner the other night and encountered the worst service i have experienced in a long time.
If coming to Tea and Anthipathy (yea u heard me) during conventional dining hours, expect a good long wait on the curb till tables open up.
Bringing a large group on a busy Saturday night ,I was afraid quality of food and service might not be up to par, but we were seated promptly and the service by our waitress was fantastic considering how busy it was.
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
I recently attended a celebratory dinner here and I just want to warn everyone that the service is the worst I have ever experienced!
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.
While the people here were nice and the service was very good, the food was not very good - it was extremely greasy, the place did not offer alternatives such as egg whites and PAM spray instead of oil, coffee was average Crystal Rock Office Flavored Coffee - not the good coffee.
Service was a little but flawed, (they brought us beers without the glasses brought the main course out before cleaning off the appetizers) but nothing that would ruin your evening.
I went there for lunch with co-workers and found the service to be prompt and very friendly.
When we received the bill, we asked the manager to do something about the drinks, considering how poor the service was and her reply was, Well, you got them!
I had a party of 9 reservation and was very disappointed at the service.
I must admit the times my family (6 or more) have had dinner there the service seemed to forget us after serving the main course.
We were seated promptly, and after an inordinate wait, somebody took our drink order and disappeared for half an hour.
Though it might be a wait and the service might leave a little to be desired, anyone that has ever eaten there agrees that the food is worth it.
Service was atrocious: appetizers came out 3 minutes after we ordered, and 10 minutes before we finally tracked down the bottle of wine we had ordered, the waiter rushed us from start to finish, we had to repeatedly track down someone to pour us more wine since it wasn't at the table, etc, etc.
My appetizer of endive and bleu cheese salad was a surprisingly large serving which balanced the striped bass entree (served on a bed of vegetables).
Though the service leaves a lot to be desired, and the waitstaff runs around like chickens without heads, the beer is cold, the sake is hot, and the sushi is out of this world!
beside i have to wait long time with my food, waiter service ok but unfriendly.
the service was slow took ten mins to get me a glass of water.
They were rude, didn't know their drinks and were unable to demonstrate any professionalism in their service mentality.
But the service was absolutely terrible, and we watied 45 minutes for food.
The food was good but we were dissatisfied with waiting too long for a uncomfortable table.
Service was horrendous the night we went for dinner.
The sangria was served quickly and often.
We were seated promptly for a Saturday lunch, but service was incredibly slow.
My only complaint is waiting a bit between the appetizer and the main course but it was well worth it.
Also, try to get a seat at the main bar, because I sat at the smaller bar by the entrance and it was getting so crowded with people waiting that it became a bit unpleasant towards to end of the meal.
Definitely make reservations if you can -- they'll honor them, and you can skip the massive wait!
Their service can use a little assistance, but their food is great.
The overpriced ice cream is delicious but the service is atrocious - not only do I have to wait to be admitted into this ice cream joint, but the waiter is a snide, gruff man more suited to be a trucker than an ice cream shop server.
You have to wait in line most of the time, but the burgers are worth it and the beer is cheap.
We had a reservation for Monday lunch and were seated promptly, which was a pleasant surprise.
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.
However, the service was so excellent, we added $10 to the tip!
I think I'm going to start taking the food and coffee to go b/c everytime I go there (which is quite often) I get more frustrated with the service.
Meals not served at once and service was inattentive and forgetful.
Seated in the upstairs part of the restaurant my party and I were subjected to rude, abrupt service and unmercifully long waits for our food.
The good service started from the moment we walked in the front door.
We waited in standing at the entrance for 5 mins to get seats due to just slow service, another 10mins to get menu, and then another 10mins to get water bread.
When spending upwards of $200 for dinner for two, I expect better service.
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.
Service at the bar was fine, just as you would expect.
The bartender has a nasty attitude, and it took a party of two 1 1/2 hours to get seated while party after party of the hosts 'friends' were given seating immediately.
I am hoping the stale service was a one shot deal because it was deplorable for what we paid for dinner!
The waitress, host, and bus staff were sitting around at the bar while the patrons were all complaining about the service.
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
The service was horrendous, not only did the waiter take an hour to remember we ordered drinks, we were rushed to eat and get out so they could seat the next party.
The staff treated them like true royalty.
I planned a holiday dinner at Kurio and we ended up waiting two hours for the appetizers.
This was not the same hostess I usually see there who happens to be very sweet and provides excellent service.
Serving things like Chicken Kiev with a garlic mashed potato egg roll for $$ with the snooty attitude to match!
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining, expert / attentive table service and a delectable cuisine.
the service is so-so; our waiter told us there was a table for us, then took us back to the entrance , we then waited another fifteen minutes- confusion seems to reign.
Food presented well and the service once we were seated was great but we had a long wait for our table (about half an hour) even though I had pre-booked.
I also do not think waiters there are rude- yes there are not friendly and chatty, but do provide great service.
The service always ruins your food if it's poor.
Long wait for our meal (approx 30 minutes), unusual slow service, waitresses (especially the preety one with black hair) louder thn clients, do not care much for customers.
I have gotten warmer and much friendlier welcome and outstanding service at the other Thai restaurants in the Greenpoint area.
Obviously we did not get right service and nobody said soory for that and other restaurant guests who came after us got quicker dish than us.
What I don't get is asking a high rolling, forgiving of bad service, drink guzzling table like mine to leave as soon as we finished out last sip of $12 martinis and left a 25% tip.
the food at pongal is average, the rava masala dosa is much better at madras mahal (a few doors down) and certainly the service at pongal is the worst among the indian restaurants along that block.
The ambiance and service is great but I wish I could say the same about the food.
I have eaten here for nearly three years, with firends with family, the service is great attentive and informed, perfect for Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
The first time, the food was decent for lunch, but remember mediocre service.
90 for a porterhouse steak for 2 (ordered medium-rare, delivered well-done, dry and tasteless) and I'm not even full.
the service was inattentive (didn't bring us wine til our main course was already served and didn't open the bottle in front of us!!!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, MAKE RESERVATIONS FAR IN ADVANCE TO AVOID LONG WAIT TIMES.
The service is great - they are very attentive and fast, however, they do make faces and comments when you order alot of the ALL YOU CAN EAT food.
The service was attentive but overdone for the tiny and very ordinary setting and poor food.
Sure the service isn't the best but the food is tasty and the prices are great.
I'd recommend getting an appetizer b/c the dinner takes a bit to be cooked, but it was definitely worth the wait.
He met me for wine tasting/sampling of food the week before and made sure that the service was on their toes.
We had an hour for lunch, and service was impeccable each time.
We had reservations and were seated immediately, got a nice table by the window.
service is quick, not overly friendly, but hey it's a small place and the servers are constantly busy.
It is never a ridiculous wait no more than 30 minutes, in the meantime you can chat with your friends and start the week-end off right with a signature drink from the bar!
My date and I were excited to go, and didn't even mind the 25 minute wait (EVEN WITH OUR RESERVATION) to get a table.
After waiting to get a table for over a half hour even though we had reservations, we went up to the host.
Overall, cute place with poor service, and even worse food.
As for price, there are plenty of Shanghai restaurants in Chinatown that are just as inexpensive with better food and without a doubt much better customer service.
By this I mean that the guy selling hotdogs outside of Grand Central has given me better service.
I went to Mocca with my boyfriend for a few drinks and food, and I was really impressed by the service.
Unfortunately, service was slow and when our server noticed we had not received our entree he comp'ed us two delightful margaritas - AND charged us only for appetizers , thereby cutting our bill in half.
Though if the restaurant got bigger, the service and quality of the food would probably suffer.
I had a reservation for a Staurday night and after a 1 hour and 45 minute wait, we still were not seated!!
The food is average and the service is insulting.
be prepared for a long wait at dinner.
IT'S GREAT COFFEE BUT THE SERVICE IS SERVED WITH BIG TIME ATTITUDE.
The service is more than attentive, and they also have a $10 corking fee so you can bring your own wine.
The service was good, if a little slow, and the place was very crowded (which can be comforting, but on a date it may be hard with the constant noise).
The food did come out quickly and was good, but not worth the prices or the wait.
NOTE: Plan ahead, make a reservation and arrive early - parking is tight in the area - valet service is available if all else fails!
If you want great Italian food, fairly price, good service, in Brooklyn, a couple of subway stops from Union Square,(where you should complain about the prices) go to Al Di La.
My husband and I sat at the bar, and service was excellent.
the 3rd however, the waiter forgot to put in our order for food and we ended up waiting an hour for them (b/c they were really busy).
Fun atmosphere, good beer selection, but meals were skimpy portions on big plates and the service was weak - never had the same server/waitperson come back twice.
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
Food is average, service is awful, and the attitude isn't New York - it's just plain rude - and most of NYC is caring and courteous.
There was a short wait for a table, which we spent at the bar, then we were seated on their patio.
At 1:15 we were still waiting for our plates!
The service was adequate though we did need to keep asking for water and the drinks from the bar took a long time- plus the restaraurant was not crowded.
The service was very good, although the food was mediocre.
The wait can be long especially during brunch time but worth it.
I called ahead and was told that there would be no problem seating a party of two at 5:30, arrived at 5:30, was told there would be a 5 to 10 minute wait.
I'll give it to Sea; the decor is pretty cool and the food was good, but the service was beyond terrible!
While the service and setting were average, the food was excellent.
But despite that our dinner took far too long to be served.
I was shocked to have gotten no apology from the management, and to top it off were charged for the drinks we had while patiently waiting for food that never arrived.
I've been there for lunch many times and the service is always cheerful and efficient.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is.
This is of course after waiting forever for menus and eventually having to ask for them.
our dinner was marred by painfully slow service.
If you mind waiting for your pie to be made (the wait canbe over an hour, especially for a square pie), I recommend calling ahead and placing your order for pick-up.
Service was ok, took a while to order even drinks.
Nonetheless, we are looking forward to the next time for more pizza and the great service.
but the wait for seating can be exasperating.
To sum it up: Service varies from good to mediorce, depending on which waiter you get; generally it is just average Ok.
you might have made a reservation, but you will end up waiting for about an hour anyway, so hopefully you'll get a seat at the bar and won't have to stand around.
While being shown to our table by a hostess, we were welcomed by Lidia Bastianich herself and seated at a great table in the dining room -- not too secluded, but not noisy.
Maybe it was because we went during the restaurant week lunch special, but the service was not impressive at all and the food was okay, but not great.
Been here a few times and food has always been good but service really suffers when it gets crowded.
Go in, take a deep breath and expect great food, fairly priced with just about the worst service in North Jersey!
The service on our visit was absolutely awful - a waiter and two helpers couldn't get our orders right and ignored several pleas for basics such as water and beverage refills and utensils to eat desserts with.
I recently ate Brunch there and was dismayed and dissapointed by the service.
We asked for our check (to pay for our drinks and leave), and received the quickest service all evening.
the busboys were fantastic -- very attentive when it came to replenishing chips, removing dishes, but I have to say the waitress service was not quite as good.
Wonderful service, not too long a wait for tables, price is right - in a word, go!
Although the food was great, the service was so bad that I can't see myself ever returning.
I have never had a bad meal or service (on a couple of occasions I waited past my reservation time).
The food was good, but it's not worth the wait--or the lousy service.
they continue to expand their garden space, w/out expanding their kitchen and cannot provide even adequate service.
1) Service is very slow and unattentive (10 minutes for our server to come by with our menus and to take our drink order, another 10 to bring the drinks/take our dinner order, you get the idea.
The atmosphere was wonderful, however the service and food were not.
Service was good throughout the dinner but when it came time to get the check, we waited over 20 min.
One friend had the steak which he didn't care for, but after waiting so long to be seated he was hungry.
I thought it was great, best service I've ever had in a long time.
Although Nobu requires a 2-3 month advanced reservations, it's worth the wait!
the service was horrible then and the food was decent.
The bar area was fairly crowded but service remained friendly and efficient.
Yes it's pricey for counter service, sawdust floors and deafening chatter but the pastrami makes it all worth it.
For the prices, the food is decidedly lackluster, and the service, unless you are a regular, can be quite rude.
The only saving grace is the sweet tea - but even that isn't worth the wait.
service was attentive at the beginning but the waiter lost us towards the end and we had to flag them down for the check.
when I came back for brunch a week or so later, I was told that the marscapone version was no longer being served, because there was a new cook.
Our food took so long to be served that we nearly missed our curtain.
Went to Gallaghers for the first time on a Saturday night, had no problem getting reservations, great staff-great service.
Service was fine and the food delivered in reasonable time given the crowd, but for the price I was disappointed.
The service is smart and though they can be overwhelmed with the crowds, does a good job.
Even if you're just a middling junior exec, staff service makes you feel like a board member.
The waitor never gave us the specials menu (which they gave to a another couple who sat next to us 20 minutes later) and the service was very slow even for the basics (bread and water, for which we had to ask a couple of times).
Tried to get a table during restaurant week but there was an over an hour wait.
Although the restaurant was far from crowded (maybe three tables), service was abysmally slow, to the point that we wondered if the server was trying to avoid us.
45 minutes later our less-than-stellar pizza and their even less-than-stellar gnoccho was dropped at the table; no explanation or apology or attempt to acknowledge the ridiculous wait.
The service was spotty as a couple of drink orders were forgotten and the waiter didn't really come to check on us.
calle ocho is definitely high on my list, the food and mojitos are excellent (the sangria is a miss, flor de sol has much better sangria) but the service leaves much to be desired.
The Food Skip the menu and head for the restaurant's bountiful and ever-changing vegan buffet for an abundance of affordable servings.
I live about a 1/2 block from Westway and when I want consistantly good food, big portions, great fast service and a step above your average diner food I go there!
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
great decor, unfortunately the worst service possible.
The service was terrible- our waiter was unable to make any recommendations, mumbled the special and failed to check back during the course of our meal.
The raspberry/marscapone-stuffed pancakes are so divine it's actually worth putting up with the rude and incompetent service.
Got a table during restaurant week for lunch and the service was cordial, if slower than usual.
The service was professional if somewhat slow, though we didn't mind since it is such a welcoming place to have dinner.
The food is fantastic, Gourmet comfort food and has gotten progressively better over the past year, as did the service.
My friend also knew the chef, so we had some other courses not on the menu, but even knowing the chef didn't get us the service I would expect at this type of restaurant.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The raw bar that we were served was abyssmal, and our dinners of salmon (mine overcooked) and chicken (hers, very bland) weren't much better.
The service, which was horrendous - they charged us for two appetizers when we asked to split one (when we brought it up, he insisted that the appetizer really did only consist of 2 sliced tomatoes and 1 slice of cheese).
the place is small but everything else is 'big' in terms of quality variety and smiles of the wait service.
I have dined at JG many times for dinner and lunch over the past two years and both the food and the service is by far the best compared to others in NYC or else where.
This is a busy spot from 1130 AM to 130 PM M-F but you never have to wait more than 5 minutes for a table, unless you have a large party, thanks to fast and friendly service provided by the waitstaff and kitchen.
We probably would have stuck out the wait if we could have gotten a drink at the bar but apparently it was closed or only for show.
My complaint was the service was not that good but the food made up for it.
For a 4-star restaurant (not to mention a $400 dinner for two), attentive service is expected.
Don't look for sushi on the menu although there's tons of sake and it's served properly.
The food is average, at best (I have been repeatedly underwhelmed by the mediocre fare) and the service is only good if Elaine is within range.
The restaurant is loud, the tables are wooden and the service is OK.
Since the service was so poor, we asked if they could offer any concessions - complimentary drinks?
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
We were told by the hostess to make sure we were on time for our reservation, which we were, but then they kept us waiting for 15 minutes when we got there.
The pretty waitstaff is always pleasant, but service is inconsistent at best.
MeetLESS gives you a dance club w/o the dance floor a restaurant w/ horrendous service and limited menu selections (the ONLY steak is a top sirloin?!!!)
Be warned though, this plaice gets packed at lunch - and the service can be rottenly slow-going.
The service was punctual, having been asked for our drink orders even before opening our menus.
Regardless of the amount of customers, the wait for food is insanely long.
Service was a tad spotty, but the food was VERY good and the noise never detracted from the dining experience.
The service was impeccible, the menu traditional but inventive and presentation for the mostpart excellent but the food itself came up short.
We went for lunch on Saturday, wait wasn't bad considering that it had only opened recently.
The food is undeniably good -- but not worth the wait.
Anyway, I went down on a Wednesday night to see if they had a long wait and the hostess said they had a table to accomodate my party.
If you would like to charge us 5 dollars for service that would be fine, though comming from a restaurant where we buy a dessert for a bithday I thinks it's a bit cheap.
Our waiter was well versed with the menu and provided us with great service, he didn't hover over the table as some servers tend to do in high end restaurants.
also, when i was waiting to be seated the bartender gave great service and mixed a mean cocktail for me.
