To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
I would definitely recommend Mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
He can't help, they're bought up so fast.
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.
We were very disappointed.
IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE.
I really liked this place.
I will be going back very soon.
Will not be back.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning.
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth's is the Strip House.
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.
You'll adore it.
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
Not what I wanted to hear.
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.
I've been there a few times, and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.
Can't wait to go back.
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds.
If you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I'm in NYC.
I heartily recommend.
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones.
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
This place is so much fun.
I was glad I did.
I'll be back soon.
Went inside and I started to get excited.
However, it is jus too good to not praise it.
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason.
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
If you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what Rao's is all about.
but overall i give it a 10
This was one of the BEST restaurants I've ever been to.
This restaurant used to be pretty decent.
I was there on sat.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
The entire dining experience was wonderful!
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
What more can you ask for?
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment.
I've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy's Bronx Cafe.
I look forward to eating here again
I know because I live nearby.
My entire family was horrified.
On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers.
Check it out
Don't go.
But they do.
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place (PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES).
Suan has challenged this loyalty.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
Went with mommy (the only person who could afford taking me here).
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.
I am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
Enjoy!
We weren't!
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
(La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico).
It could have been handled better.
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
We were very pleasantly surprised.
I will never visit this restaurant again.
(or sister, in my case!).
I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.
Don't go there!
Good luck getting a table.
We picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.
Don't look down your nose at me like that...
Planet Thai is great!
Just don't do it.
Just ignore the trendy wannabes.
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night.
I wish they had one near my office- I would go everyday.
Finally!
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
You will not be disapointed at all.
Walk-ins are risky too.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
Something about them being busy with holiday party's.
I would highly recommend.
This place is great.
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery, and wasn't all that impressed.
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC.
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded.
We visit at least once a month.
I'll keep this short.
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.
However, it's not worth a special trip.
Gigino's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
If that's a problem, go to McDonald's and destroy your insides.
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
Sexy.
I will have to say, this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite.
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
Even with John's and Joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.
My girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite.
despite the untasteful previous review...
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
Sure, everyone's got their favorite, but to know Sal, is to know New York.
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come.
You order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown.
We will go back every time we are in the City.
we love th pink pony.
So eat fast and order a lot.
I have to agree with the previous reviewer.
--Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
If you were there when it first opened, give this restaurant a second chance.
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
If you like Sakagura but you feel it's too much, you'd better try Yokocho.
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
You can't go wrong with this place.
Authentic bistro!
Being from the south, there aren't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz's Deli.
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.
It's convenient.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
Oh right, I should probably say something nice.
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.
David, Daytona Beach, FL
Perhaps.
Go here.
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
Rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.
What a great place.
Don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
By the time we were done, it was past 1:00am.
Read all the other review, they'll confirm it.
I have been twice to this restaurant.
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros.
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
It's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.
Fantastic place.
Definitely not a restaurant to skip!
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
You can do it here.
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
I just read Mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.
It hits the spot every time
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.
and there's no way out.
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.
This is my fourth try over a two year period, and I'm done.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
Probably would not go again...
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place (the first being Joya).
Also good for client lunch meetings, esp.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.
by dinner time, they turn it around and mount a huge comeback!!
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I've experienced the same with other restaurants so I don't appreciate such practice.
I'm going back.
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years.
wow! how have i missed this one ,tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew.
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.
This place was not ALL THAT!
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they're eaten.
I have been to Mary's many times and I like it.
Searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
This is the best thing in Soho.
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience.
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant, I decided to give it a try with two friends.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
Wonderful at holiday time.
The place is a lot of fun.
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to Ping's three weekends in a row!!!
As we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
during happy hour!
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.
Love YUKA.
Go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
A guaranteeed delight!
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years.
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
Anyway, this is the last time I cross the williamsburg.
When I'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, I head for Cafe St. Bart's.
Guess the 555Soul ads didn't launch her big modeling career.
Besides, we were on vacation!
Don't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo.
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
Definately check it out!!!
We will be back.
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
I got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!
You cannot go wrong with this place.
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.
I've been to this monster sushi twice, the 46th st once, the 23rd st one a number of times.
Go inside and you won't want to leave.
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
I would go back tho.
A pleasant surprise.
We got most of it back at home with us.
Get there before 7pm.
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT.
We left, never to return.
No apologies during restaurant week.
They also do a great job for restaurant week.
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently.
This is where the aforementioned line was.
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.
i dont how this place is still running.
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record.
Excellent experience.
Well worth the trip, close to City Hall and downtown subway stops.
What more could you want?
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
All in all, I don't see how you can go wrong.
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
I'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good.
What a great place!
Was surprisingly disappointed.
I went to Ruby Foo's after work with a group of 6.
I'm amazed we haven't been kicked out of this place yet.
Katz's has been a NYC original for over 100 years.
Great find!!!
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
I definitely wouldn't go back.
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
A hearty two thumbs up!
All pretty good.
You can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.
you guys rock.
Chance is a joke.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
I was at Rao's last Wed.
Tends to turn people away.
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.
Went there for an office lunch.
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
If you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
I never had anything I didn't like here.
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
I've been to Joya twice and I will never go again.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town.
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn.
Love Pizza 33..
I'm from England, and Haru's was the best I had in NYC.
Less = More in their case.
Ruby Foo's is a tourist trap.
I've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
Ciao Bella
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.
I absolutely Loved this place.
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible!
If you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.
This restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.
Keep up the good work guys!
Hurley's is terrific!
Took my sister here before attending a show one evening.
Really.
Our friends have not arrived yet.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
I absolutely love this place!!!
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort.
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.
No thanks!!!
I would definently recommend this restaurant.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
A big disappointment, all around.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
Definitely Highly NOT recommended.
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
I'd call it an 'italian dinner'.
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls' night.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
I pray it stays open forever.
This is the first time Citysearch did't call it right.
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.
What for?
Fantastic!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date.
But people from Sichuan will die for it)  - Chongqing Hot Pot, chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan, now became an independent province.
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!
Molto bene!
They are amazing!
Avoid this place!
A must try!
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week's notice.
Based on a visit a month ago, I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed.
Went here on a friend's reccomendation.
I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience.
We will definitely go back.
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.
Is just the way it was in days gone by.
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!
Just go and see for yourself.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
I hate this.
That place was awesome,,,  sally !
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
get over it!
However, it just so happens that there's an even more amazing place just down the street.
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight.
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
They are located in the middle of Chinatown!
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito's home.
Katz's deli is a great NY experience.
Check it out.
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything, I mean everything was excelent.I
GO HERE.
We weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
After reading the posts, I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow, despite living in Park Slope.
I loved it and will be back soon.
This isn't your corner Chinese food takeout.
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,
uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.
JUST AWSOME.
I will definetely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!
This is one of our all-time favorite.
this place is amazingly bad.
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
I love this place.
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.
What's the difference between the two?
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings!
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko.
Will never be back.
I highly recommend it.
Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.
My six year old loved it.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it.
If you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.
I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
hmmm.
When I called this morning, I didn't think I would be able to get in at 12, but I was able to get in, along with four other guests.
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
I haven't been to the other locations.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.
I'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant I recommend going.
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street.
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.
But I'd go back
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai (another delicious Thai restaurant).
That said, I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I've EVER had.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1.
I don't think I would go again.
We were a group of 8 and well seved.
And that's no mean feat...
I often go there to eat with my family.
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.
I noted it was crossed off on the bill.
Needless to say, I'm never going back and you should be wary too.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple.
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both A-listers and people walking in off the street.
first it took us a long time to find the place.
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.
I am a die hard peep lover.
SEA has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe.
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
Not worth it.
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
This was on a Tuesday night.
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (I happen to live in Inwood).
Don't waste your time, or money!!
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed.
This was a great surprise.
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening.
It was wonderful.
Went for a late weekday lunch.
I just don't understand all the hype...
I don't get it either.
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
I for one will never patronize them again.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
So, again, give it a try.
Stay far away from this place.
We will come back!!!
We'd go back again
i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning.
But on a lazy Saturday night, we ended up going.
I have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews I got take out last week.
Once for dinner and once for brunch.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.
I only have friends.
Please save yourself the frustration.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
We were on our way back to NJ, and since I am in NY, we figured why not grab some food?
And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair.
I was pleasantly suprised.
One less manhattanite the better.
Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
Look elsewhere.
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy's Bronx, or for that matter, Jimmy's Uptown, again.
Everyone I bring here always loves it.
Worth a visit.
A real dissapointment.
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!
Would definitely visit again.
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
so i thought why not change it up a bit.
P.S. Please don't tell anyone in my family i eat there.
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
I went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.
I went there with my friend last saturday.
Just an odd group.
I love this place!
it is not consistent.
Was there Friday night.
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
I recommend it!
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well.
enough said!
I don't live in NY but my best friend does.
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
After the review I treked into Brooklyn.
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
Recommendations, of course, are required!
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town.
Yeah, it's that good.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
I have been going back again and again.
Overall, excellent restaurant!
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
But too far east!
Satisfying.
Highly Highly Highly recommended!
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv.
now if they could only get a toaster.
You will find yourself returning quite often.
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.
Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
I go twice a month!
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
A million better places to go in the city.
I love it.
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
Its located in greenewich village.
Three strikes and this restaurant is out.
We bring in a party of ten or so every week.
We would return to this place again!
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.
I've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants.
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
I agree.
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
It just wasn't Thai.
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix.
Recommended.
I think locals rate this place so high.
Go girls!!!
For asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.
Old school meets New world.
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
This is probably one of my new favorite places.
For being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, I do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.
This restaurant is such a great place.
I've been several times and am totally smitten.
Terrible experience.
I love the place.
Will have to return to try the chocolate!
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
this one is definintely my least favorite.
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.
Everytime my husband and I go there, we are never disappointed.
We were not disappointed.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.
Okay, so I never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown.
Never fails to please.
Will absolutely visit again.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC.
we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!
Went to Village last night for my birthday.
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
Would NEVER go back there.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
Be careful, when they say spicy, they mean it!
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).
Bring your appetites.
Seriously, this place kicks ass.
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
I've been here twice now.
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
However, I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.
I will be returning.
Nice place though.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.
But WARNING: to all those that use this site be weary, be very weary of recommendations.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
Try it side by side and there's no comparison.
So sorry I can't rate this better.
Buon appetito!
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
Ok, for all of us growing up in the Village of NYC, we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants, most of which stay open very late.
I would highly recommend it.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
Finally, after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic...
Went last Thursday.
I love this place more and more everytime i go.
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
We went to Ino for Valentines.
He always says, I don't have customers.
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
Good for dates or with friends.
We had a good time.
Based on the reviews on here, it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM.
Came looking for this place because I heard good things.
I live on the street this place is on.
Horrible.
Its worth the wait though.
What an amazing meal and experience!
Nothing special about this place.
and never strayed.
Leave the kids at home!
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
Just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants.
Big thumbs up!
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
That's why you have to pay more for that.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
I loved it.
They're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing, Queens.
but I wouldn't wanna live there.
Arigato Gozimas Yuka!
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn.
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli.
I would highly recommend this place!
Thank You Emilio.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
Off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants.
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
The food was just OK, I would never go back.
I can't wait for the nex time.
Great neighborhood joint.
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.
I take all my NYC guests to VT's.
Even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
I LOVED THE SHOWS.
and i have been around the block, to say the very least.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.
Give it a try and enjoy.
...and that's saying a lot.
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.
if your into thai..you cannot miss this great restaurant.
Going to Ballato's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen, an absolute delight!
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed.
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong, it actually means Great Prosperity.
I have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
Unbelievable.
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
I've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens.
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling.
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
Now at the top of our list, Del Frisco's Steakhouse.
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again, I will certainly stop by.
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
In fact, you can't miss it.
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown.
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago.
I don't get it, what's so special about Prune ?
I'd definitely recommend this little place.
Again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more!
Get it together.
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
Enjoy!!!
Kudos to Po!
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended.
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday.
Never again!
For Park avenue I expected so much more.
So rude.
There are much better places in NY with better prices.
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
I plan on stopping by next week as well.
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
Highly recommended to all!
highly recommended.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
After a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
Bravissimo !!
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch!
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back, in a veyr good sense.
This is the Cheers of New York, whether you've ever been there or not.
It's to die for!
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
I've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times, when I have been in the neighborhood.
You will be satisfied.
Another great place to take out-of-towners!
But, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria.
We were less than impressed.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
but still my date was bad
Would definitely go back again.
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
Overall a worthwhile experience.
It's really a takeaway place, I wouldn't sit if I could take it home.
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!
I had a great experience.
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan, I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray's.
Go for it!
Highly recommended.
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.
To speak of the Park Side, words can not describe.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share.
Overall I was impressed and will return, it's a great QPR (Quality to Price Ratio).
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience.
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
I was wrong.
No plans to return anytime soon.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about.
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
For an untrendy rip-off- eat here.
I can't wait to go back.
I HATE HATE HATE this place.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
Wonderful!
Go hungry and enjoy.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
All I can say is WOW!
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!
wont come back again for sure!
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
Bon appettite!!
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
A great addition to Smith Street: finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots.
We spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.
It is simply amazing.
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return.
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
Bravo, Blue Hill!
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village.
This place is to be avoided.
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.
At 6:30, we were the third party there.
I will definetly be going back.
No, really.
I've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice.
I'm saving up for my next visit.
Amma is nothing special.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
Worth it for a special occasion, or any time!
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady.
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike, a great name for a joint if ever I saw one.
Been there, done that, and New York, it's not that big a deal.
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays!
from an English speaking staff.
A defitely must visit.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
My friends and I showed up on a Sat.
great experience overall.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
(I've ordered from the 2nd ave.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
Just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular.
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.
I definitely will go back.
Having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot.
I've never been disappointed.
From the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening, I don't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area.
But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out.
I've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times, but more often I order delivery.
Beautiful experience.
If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.
Jimmy is Dominican!
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz's Deli down on the Lower East Side.
This is also where I was from.
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.
Joe's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.
I have never had anything like it!
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.
I am Indian, and I have tried many Indian places in NY.
On a recent Saturday night, I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar.
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST.
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
Too bad Latin Quarters closed.
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently.
I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside, she recommended that we go to this restaurant.
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
Kudos Haru
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
I plan on eating here more often.
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
and we were thouroughly disapointed.
This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
You guys are awesome!
I loved this place!!
Avoid at all costs.
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
i would just ask for no oil next time.
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
I really didn't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of Grand Central.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Perhaps it was an off night, but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.
Restaurant snobs need not bother, this is a small, neighborhood kind of place.
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
And I've been to many NYC delis.
This place is always packed.
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.
All in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now, its official !
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.
I would go back.
Definitely will be back!
I'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.
they live up to the thai way of living.
I live nearby and when they first opened, I ate there a lot.
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
We were exploring Grand Central and didn't want to eat in the food court.
We left after one drink.
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.
I've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I've never been disappointed.
Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day.
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
It was raining, and we figured why not?
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood.
This time, I prefer not to go into detail.
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy's restaurants to friends, I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but.
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
As a long-time patron of Mamoun's, I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city.
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores.
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
It was a very nice surprise.
I am French and I really felt like home!!!
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
It's usually packed for good reason, esp.
I love going there!
I cannot recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself.
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
But trust me it is so worth it.
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge.
THe perfect spot.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
I loved it and would go again.
SO SO SO SO SO good!
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.
Very good value
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
Everything a NY pizza joint should be.
We go often.
moral stay away.
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!
They're terrific!!
They outshine HH.
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
Just wish they'd expand.
keep up the good work.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
great eats, good times.
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx.
I will go back to Suan soon!
Loved it!
We were pleasantly surprised.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
Will give it another chance before I write it off.
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
If you live in Upper Manhattan, Siam Square is THE place for Thia food.
Stay away from this place.
Brava La Pizza Fresca!
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
If just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.
I go back in line like three times on average until I can't walk anymore.
Bleecker St Pizza is the best!
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY.
Faan is sooo good.
No you're going to go back because the food was good.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
I will not be coming here at 3am again.
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.
Nice find.
Amazing!
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city, but any time that we  visit a restaurant other than Roth's we are always disappointed.
There is nothing more pleasant than that.
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
This is a true gem of the village.
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
A wonderful place!
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it.
I'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.
Maybe tomorrow ;-)
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
please don't fool us.
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you, or with the local union worker on the other side.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
really depends on your luck!
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine's dinner.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
Very different than regular dimsum places.
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at 'Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.
I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis.
for Meetball Night.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
Want to impress?
We've lived in the area for more than 8 years.
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
I grew up on these bagels.
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.
A one women show!
You can't go wrong here.
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES.
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.
I thought this place was totally overrated.
You won't find that anywhere in Manhattan.
How do you rate home?
I went here in the afternoon with a friend.
I guess the way my friends and I described it was The French Colonies.
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.
Boy was I wrong!
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.
Ahhh...
Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.
it helps if you know what to order.
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
But that is highly forgivable.
When we arrived at 6:00 PM, the restaurant was practically empty.
I am going to the mid town location next.
I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings.
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great.
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON.
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE.
have always had a great time here.
You will be very happy with the experience.
I absolutely suggest this place.
Overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been.
We love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.
If you' re in New York, you do not want to miss this place.
I've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, Peasant has been our favorite!
The whole experience was satisfying.
However, it was worth the visit.
If you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.
On the recommendation of a friend, I checked out Arezzo with my wife.
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years.
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.
From the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best I've eaten so far.
Not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.
An excellent choice in midtown.
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it!
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.
Everything about this place was wonderful.
Curioni's Pizza has been around since the 1920's.
I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year.
You won't be dissapointed.
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!
since the first time I came here I've been hooked.
People in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.
in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
Nick Stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald's Square check it out!
Have to tell you: Not at all impressed.
How have I never been to Agave before?
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES.
A nice find in the neighborhood.
This place is Italian, not French.
After so many great reviews here, my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite.
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou.
Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!
My husband and I had a blast.
personally i say save your money.
Believe me, they live up to the name.
They are by far the BEST past in New York.
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.
You'll see a lot of people eating there after church.
I've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block.
It's the kind of place I like to support!
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.
Would not recommend anyone to go.
We loved it and will go back!
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.
We'll definitly be back again!
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city.
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA, but few out here.
Horrible experience - stay away!
If this restaurant was in Manhattan, I would definitely go more often.
One of my Fav spots in the city.
Over priced, overrated....stay away!
Do not go to this restaurant.
since i was in the neighborhood, we made sure to give this a try.
All I can say is they are fantastic.
I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.
Definitely something to come down and check out.
Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
I went for restaurant week.
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater.
I went there with a few friends and will return.
This place has been around for a few years.
I highly recommend this restaurant!!
You will find everything about Trio to your liking!
This place was the worst.
I ordered from here last week.
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines.
Having moved I truly miss this place.
SUM IT: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.
I started going to dosa hut more after that.
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant.
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall.
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful.
My personal favorite is Nick and Joe's.
Unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport.
I would definitely come back to this restaurant.
The place just isn't ready for prime time.
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC.
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.
We didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?
great neighbhorhood spot.
Bobb V's is a great place to take your Friends and Family!
Here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you.
This is a real gem of a place.
I think this a a wonderful place.
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch.
This place doesn't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does, but it should.
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter doesn't mean we should be automatically impressed.
Like I said, Nick and Joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.
DON'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE.
It's cute and simple and I loved it.
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise.
There are many french bistros in the midtown area, and I wholheartedly recommend this one.
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.
Being a vegan myself, I've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan--and Zen Palate is easily my favorite.
Don Pedro's is one of my favorite restaurants.
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants.
Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective.
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.
You will not be missing anything.
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA.
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square, which is a shame since I don't love this area.
This place is average... at best.
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.
I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself.
After reading the great reviews, I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE.
Feels like family when we go there.
What a pleasant surprise!
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town, Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination.
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.
The ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
I'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away...been going there on and off for a year now and it's really my fave hang out in the city.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.
Don't waste your time or your money.
it was a very warm experience.
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.
It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).
It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!
perfect for a quick meal.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
Good for a quick sushi lunch.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here.
We'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night.
SUM IT: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area.
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .
Great restaurant, and even greater food!
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice.
went there last night with my coworker.
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!
I would not recommend MEET at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!
Went there for a special celebration.
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
OK, I've been to Dumont a few times now.
Maybe it's that most of Dumont's patrons are younger and have lower expectations, but I cannot recommend Dumont.
I've been to Sotto Voce several time, and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York.
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!
I read about this place in Time Out magazine.
It's a great find in Astoria.
It's always quiet because it's awful.
I have to say the place was awesome.
The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
I didn't go there for food so I can't comment.
My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.
Bring your date and a bottle of wine!
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.
Don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
If you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.
It's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.
Before the place didn't call my attention.
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here.
I don't remember what we had; nothing was memorable.
Every time I visit NYC, I come here.
I've been coming here regularly since it opened, about 2 years ago.
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!
I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
I asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.
Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
The fried rice is amazing here.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
At the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.
The wine list is excellent.
so garantuan that you can't fit them in a toaster.
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
Try the lasagnette appetizer.
I liked the beer selection!
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
Le Pere Pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.
Some baby pizzas get their wish.
Plenty of choices to make your own creation.
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.
Not impressed with the food.
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
I've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
The pizza here is delicious.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
Hats off to the chef.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York.
The food was bland oily.
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
Try the tandoori salmon!
The other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of.
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
The food is great.
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
even the wine by the glass was good.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
The food was just awful, ATROCIOUS actually.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!
Trust me, it will be great, and all of it will be devoured in no time.
The pizza is good though.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
Our food was great too!
Please try the Filet Mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.
Everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
I work near-by, and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
If you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
Try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls.
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent.
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.
Try the cheesecake!
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
I had the best ravioli ever.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
The food is great, service is ok.
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.
Fish was overdone.
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
Good food.
The dim sum however was very good.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
The food was so-so.
Food-awesome.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
The sides were ok and incredibly salty.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
If you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, Long Tan is a good place on the slope.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.
black white shakes came out good also.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
However, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants.
The Italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the UES), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
Really though, where's the seasoning?
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
It is thick and slightly soggy.
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence!
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
All the food was hot tasty.
Try green curry with vegetables.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
The Pad Thai is excellent here, as well.
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
The food is o.k., but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant.
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
Orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.
And really large portions.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
I recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
In fact, two people could really share one plate.
The food is great and authentic.
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
But the coconut rice was good.
The food was great.
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
But, they were too big for the bun.
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
The bagels are fabulous.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The food options rule.
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
We ate here in March, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
Stick to the gulab jamun.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.
The food is terrible and overall, I would have to say avoid at all costs.
Unfortunately, the food was NOT something to get worked up about.
It's constantly open, catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
He takes real pride in his food and his business.
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
too large for just two people but nothing was left.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
very good breads as well.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
My goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
It's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
The sushi was awful!
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
The food now is inconsistent.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice.
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops.
it's delicious!
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
Wow over 100 beers to choose from.
Be careful of portions - they're HUGE.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
Did I mention the wine?
Plus, on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish.
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
Pizza here is consistently good.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
My husband and I enjoy Sangria.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
Other apetizers and food
The noodle and rices dishes taste great.
The food's as good as ever.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.
The sauces used are also not that exciting.
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.
So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
And its absolutely DELICIOUS.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
Their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
You should pass on the calamari.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE.
The fries are yummy.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
This place is a great stop for great food.
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
All of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
While the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
.the best I've found outside of the Chinatown masters.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
The soup is pretty good too.
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.
The food is amazing!!!!
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
The pickles were great addition.
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken, then this is NOT your place.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, Katz's has a charm about it.
However, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
It's very spicy but not offensive.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
They used shredded cheese on top!
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
I couldn't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
My friend's food was also the complete opposite of what it's supposed to taste like (aND look like).
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I don't have to rush off to a show.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
Hopefully next time, I will save room for dessert.
Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.
The best Chicken pad tai, I've ever had.
Over 100 different choices to create your own.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
I almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself!
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
His drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.
Great food, great prices, great service.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
Try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
The crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.
Food is great.
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
The fried rice is really good too.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
Not a small feat for good french food in the area.
Food was average but tasty.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
Pizza was a little soggy.
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
Definite go if you're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
The food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.
Try the sea bass.
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to.
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.
A must for all the Dosa lovers.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
Try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.
Oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
Decent wine selection too.
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
Over price, and small portions .
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Great pizza for lunch place.
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
The food was absolutely amazing!!
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
The food was good too.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.
The menu is nothing like the one on the website.
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down.
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
The food was spicy and delicious.
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
Anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, I wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to Tamari.
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
We've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed.
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
This food is asian-air fusion.
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
Every course was better than the next.
Apparently, the good cook works then.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
More important, the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo.
I have never had cheescake like this.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
Great sushi experience.
If you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to Del Frisco's!
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
Tasty but expensive.
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
Fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
Even better, they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC.
Good drink.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!
Great service, great food.
The food is expensive, but worth every bite.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
If you love seafood, you would love this place!
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
Fish is so very fresh.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
The food was authentic.
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I've tried similar dishes at.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food.
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
Try the green curry!!!
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
The food there are sastifying.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
The food was good.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
But they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).
The steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
The buffet had a nice selection.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
They are the best bagels I've had.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
The specials are usually quite good too.
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
Try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
The best burger I have had in the Village.
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
It's just O.K. pizza.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
The food was absolutely horrible!
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
The crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!
What I didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
For the quality of food, a little too expensive.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
What an amazing meal and experience!
Unique apppetizers.
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
The Thai food is good.
Great selection of wine, and seafood.
delicious.
As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
Great food at reasonable prices.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).
It is terrific, as is the value.
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
The food was just OK, I would never go back.
i recommend the thai popcorn :)
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.
Ummm...the beer was cold.
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
Good bagels and good cream cheese.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Then, get ripped on free box wine.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
When you want a piece of beef, head on over.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
Delicious crab cakes too.
The bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!
Food was okay, nothing great.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, Kai may not be the best option.
go here for the drinks!
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
Authentic Pakistani food.
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
Quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for NYC.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
The food however, is what one might expect.
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
The pizza was really good.
Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.
Have the iced tea.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
Stay away from the latter since you won't go for seconds (hint hint).
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food (all fast foods in my opinion).
The wine list is also really nice.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
Compared to Ess-a, Tal offers a less doughy bagel!
Ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
always fresh and delicious.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
Their sake martini is wonderful.
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
fine dining restaurant quality.
The food was exceptional.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
Saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
big and soft as well as good lunch food.
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
As for the bar, this is another bad idea.
Unlike HH up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.
What generous portions!
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
The wine the service was very good too.
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
The highly spiced chai tea was great too.
I have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.
Seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says, the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
The meat dishes were only so-so.
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
And you're hungry a few hours later.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
Great value for the quality ingredients.
The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
The sushi is also great!
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland.
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.
The lox is always fresh too.
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
Food was OK - fish was cooked well.
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
Salads were fantastic.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
skip dessert.
It's all about the food !!
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
The food is delicious.
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.
We all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
The food was boring and expensive.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.
I don't like Indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.
Even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
Food is great and inexpensive.
Dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but I thought a bit overpriced.
The flavors robust and subtle.
All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
They have some great entrees here as well.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
I care more about the food and ambience.
Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!
Food and service was okay.
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
Over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
None of that yucky whipped stuff.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
Their coffee is quite good too!
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
Taxan delicious!
Southern Indian cuisine is still there, too.
They couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.
Killer Sushi!
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
Plus they made a perfect martini.
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch.
Their Margarita is best I've had since I've returned from Naples!
The tastes makes your mouth water for more.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
The food was actually aweful.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach, the Shanghai low mein, and other attractions.
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces.
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
And the food was fantastic.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.
It's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
The dim sum here is only so-so.
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.
The bagel was huge.
Get the tuna of gari.
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
Great food, great decor, great service.
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
They sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better, but it was not!
love the food.
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
Overall, the best bagel in town.
It was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.
Light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
Just stick with the small dishes!
Food is excellent.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
Excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.
great eats, good times.
Grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.
For years, I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best, but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
The food is good, I can't lie.
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
This place is worth going even if only for their beer.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world!
The food was very well prepared.
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
Little Tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in Kennsington, honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had!
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.
No you're going to go back because the food was good.
The food was great and the service was even better.
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
Very good wine choices.
Tasty steak, pork loin, the works.
The burger was great, also.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
The pizza was great.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
Great wine, great food.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too.
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
The bread is top notch as well.
Food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat!
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING?
Straight-forward, no surprises, very decent Japanese food.
BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
Try the rose roll (not on menu).
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
In fact, this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
The sangria's - watered down.
menu - uneventful, small.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre.
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED.
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
I definitely enjoyed the food as well.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime!
I think the meatball parm is good.
If you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you can't go wrong.
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible.
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend.
Meal was very expensive for what you get.
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used.
This made it obvious that the food wasn't cooked fresh; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
The spicy mussels are a highlight.
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we've ever had.
However, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better!
the mushroom barley soup is amazing.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.
I wasn't impressed and it wasn't SPICEY????
The food was almost always EXCELLENT.
I was pleasently surprised at the taste.
A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers.
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot.
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats.
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.
The food was wonderful and imaginative.
The worst though was the taste.
They were dry, stale and pretty flavorless.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
Stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
The steak melted in my mouth.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
Food was decent, but not great.
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
It was delicious and large!
The fettucino alfredo was amazing.
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
I know real Indian food and this wasn't it.
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas.
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
i had a delicious shrimp creole.
The chicken dinner was real good.
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth.
but the food was delicious.
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
The avocado salad is a personal fave.
And, the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy!
The BEST Chinese food Uptown!
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect.
The food is wonderful, artfully done and simply delicious.
They make the best pizza in New Jersey.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
Frankly, the chinese food here is something I can make better at home.
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate.
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
I also recommend the garlic knots.
Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
This place has the best pizza.
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
their dinner specials are fantastic.
Delish and made to your liking!
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
Food portion was SMALL and below average.
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
Also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome.
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.
good food good wine that's it.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
It's traditional, simple italian food.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
(The sashimi is cut a little thinly.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
I had roast chicken and a salad.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
But the meals were terrible.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?
Way too much money for such a terrible meal.
Dessert was also to die for!
It's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
the food is delicious and highly recommended.
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go.
We always enjoy the pizza.
Yum, the chicken is great here.
The food here was great, a treat from beginning to end.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
The food is very good and the service is great.
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup.
This place has the best Indian food in New York, hands down.
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.
The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.
This place has the best sushi in the city.
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
And the food is fantastic.
Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
I'm in love with the lobster ravioli!
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.
It's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want!
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype.
The $72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.
Everytime I go there I can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.
We were very impressed with the food and value.
You must try the garlic soup!
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
The pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve.
Chef Waldy's always measures up.
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.
Go for the Seafood Paella for two.
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
I recommend any of their salmon dishes......
The foie gras was sweet and luscious.
The menu, which changes seasonally, shows both regional and international influences.
but their mac cheese was YUMMY!
their brunch menu had something for everyone.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed.
Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum!
My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
Save room for deserts - they're to die for.
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.
It was delish and I didn't feel bad eating it.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
Chef Vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real Roman.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store.
They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices.
It first came well done, and I politely sent it back.
I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.
now called nikki sushi, sushi is OK.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp.
I've had better Japanese food at a mall food court.
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
the icing MADE this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.
The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.
I asked for a simple medium rare steak.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.
Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.
The food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying.
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT.
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like.
Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing.
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
And the food, well the food will keep you coming back.
My gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
the food - not worth the price.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
Menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
The pastas were pretty good.
Great restaurant, and even greater food!
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
Save room for the desserts! ;-)
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
The caeser salad was great.
The fried calamari was even better!
The food was good overall. 
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
I recomend the chicken milanese.
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
Between my guest and I, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel.
For someone who used to hate Indian food, Baluchi's has changed my mid.
Finally a curry that I can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
Try the homemade breads.
This place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious CHEAP. 
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites!
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth.
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe's may not be your favorite.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone, but they were out of it that day.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.
We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.
Unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.
don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!).
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
It is bland and nothing extrodinary.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for.
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.
 The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as vegetarians.
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
Obviously run by folks who know a pie.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
I've never been treated so rudely.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.
You are treated just like royality.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
Last time I went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
All conveniently delivered right to the door.
Okay service.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
The service is awful.
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes.
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
Very good service and very good prices.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
The most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
And it was quick which is very important.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
Staff is very accomodating.
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
Quick and friendly service.
Delivery is fast too.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.
The food is great, service is ok.
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.
The service was attentive.
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.
Service has always been friendly and efficient.
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
May, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
Emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
While I'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
Why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it!
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
The staff is no nonsense.
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
Saturday, Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
The waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
He takes real pride in his food and his business.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
There are other people waiting!
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat.
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
Service is top notch.
Service was quick.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!
Has the chef and owner changed???
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
Delivery service is great too.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
If you go to Roth's try to be served by Mike, he is GREAT!!
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
The only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
Great food, great prices, great service.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...
A very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
Murray won't do it.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
Worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.
NO more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.
People are always friendly.
Service was prompt and courteous.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
We were a group of 8 and well seved.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
The staff is also attentive and friendly.
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
Once you become a regular, you are treated as one.
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family.
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
They brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.
Everyone is welcomed in as family.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.
Great staff.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
Drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.
And the staff is also young, energeic and hot!!!!
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.
We were pleasantly greeted.
Great service, great food.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.
Good, fast service.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).
The service was ok.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
The staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
less wait time for me!
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
Service is average.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
They all know you.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
service was efficient courteous.
We had the most wonderful waitress.
The staff is courteous and friendly.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
Service was very good and warm.
Like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
We've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
Also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
The staff has always been attentive and kind, and I've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
It's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
Again, the waitress was awesome.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
Always great service!
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
An excellent service
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
They are FAST.
I've waited over one hour for food.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
Then, IF they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!
You have to increase the service a lot.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
(and I have eaten my share) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
The wine the service was very good too.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
Sure enough, exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly.
Service was very friendly.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
The staff offers impeccable service.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
Fast service.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
Service is fast and friendly.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
The service is ok but could be better.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
Nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
Waitstaff is great, very attentive.
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
The service was superb, they treat you like family.
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
The well mannered, pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ.
The counter service is bad.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
The service is fantastic.
Food and service was okay.
Over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
The waiter was attentive.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
They're also friendlier here, especially the owner, Kenny.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
Service- friendly and attentive.
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
Great food, great decor, great service.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
They never came back to refill our glasses again.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Service was also very good.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
but the service was a bit slow.
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
The service was great as well.
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you, brother?
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
The food was great and the service was even better.
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff.
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
When we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
I've always been seated propmtly.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
They treat me like family, morning and night.
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.
We were then shooed inside.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15.
Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.
The service was typical short-order, dinner type.
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
Our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
The staff should be a bit more friendly.
Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
The Management was less than accomodating.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
The staff is very sharp and they look good too.
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.
The service we experienced was friendly and good.
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.
The staff is very friendly.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.
Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant.
And as SOON as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
However, the service is absolutely horrible.
A con was the slow bar service.
BTW, the service is very good .
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS.
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
The service was outstanding.
The service is pretty good.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
The food is very good and the service is great.
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us.
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
Service is usually pretty good.
Host and Hostess was quite rude.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
the service is prompt friendly.
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
How can hope to stay in business with service like this?
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
When she complained, the waitress said, Sorry.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.
The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
We went there, no one greeted us.
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz?
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.
The wait staff was very attentive and polite.
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
The service was very attentive and very generous.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. 
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie.
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.
Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
Anyway, the owner was fake.
Owner is pleasant and entertaining.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
