Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
Quite simply it's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
Very cozy and warm inside.....
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
There's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
Great vibe, lots of people.
I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
It's a small cute restaurant.
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
This place is so much fun.
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
The place is a lot of fun.
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
Zero ambiance to boot.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
Check out the secret back room.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
Decor is charming.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
The place was nice and calm.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
The place was quiet and delightful.
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
The setting is casual and romantic.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so frendly that we never want to live the place!
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
Cute and decorative.
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
Great food, great decor, great service.
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
The decor is very simple but comfortable.
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too...
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean.
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
In the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
I highly recommend this beautiful place.
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.
Oh, and there's hookah.
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!
It is so romantic.
Its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
The floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
short and sweet – seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Mazing interior.
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.
If you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.
The DJ is awesome, I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back.
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
The place is beautiful!
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don’t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you’re no longer in the city.
If you’re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).
It’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘excuse me’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!
I don’t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but I’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.
This place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
The atmosphere was great.
Regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.
It is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.
The food is great and the environment is even better.
Great Atmosphere
The design of the space is good.
Nice ambience, but highly overrated place.
– I will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance I experience at this restaurant.
This is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.
But the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.
– ...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the Seattle evening weather.
Endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!
Definitely has one of the best jukebox's i've seen in a long long time.
And the upstairs is a great place to hang out.
Excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive
The ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in Downtown Disney.
It was romantic - and even nice even with my sister, reminded me of Italy, and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a Mediterrean villa.
I love the warm & cosy environment.
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager
the atmosphere is great.
The staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.
The band was very good and the service was attentive.
Sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun.
Open & Cool Place with the Best Pizza and Coffee
Great open and friendly ambience.
This place is charming and relaxing.
Atmosphere was nice.
Great food with an awesome atmosphere!
A cozy spot for 2
It's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous!
The restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you won't forget!
Check out the art on the walls, very colorful!
It's unpretentious and underground.
It's fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.
Great value sushi with high quality & nice setting.
When I got there I sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!
Great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.
You can easily hear him though so it was a pleasant sound and not overbearing.
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning.
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfortable and have to dress up.
Another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides.
The music is great, no night better or worse, the bar tenders are generous with the pouring, and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits.
Seriously, you can't go wrong, if it is unpretentious local fun you seek.
When I walked in, I was taken aback by their incredible wood decor.
The waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.
I also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant.
– The atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate.
The decor was beautiful and unique.
There was a really nice vibe about the place...good music, atmosphere and happy looking people.
Sit in the Balcony
Indoor ambience was modern.
If it's nice outside, request for a table in the balcony.
We were seated right away, the table was private and nice.
Groovy music made the dinner casual.
The atmosphere is aspiring, and  the decor is festive and amazing..
Drinks are suberb, and I feel like I am in a Third World country when I walk in the door.
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu.
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
This place is incredibly tiny.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!
Be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
It is terrific, as is the value.
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
It is also extremely well priced.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
And amazingly cheap.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
Also they were $15 each!
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.
Authentic Taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
Food is great and inexpensive.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
But $1 for each small piece???
Not worth it.
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
Overpriced and not tasty 
It was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15.... 
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)
Not cheap but very yummy.
Excellent food for great prices
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $400.00 where I am not swept off my feet.
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.
But $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include Wine?
Can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.
Too bad I had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
It's *very* reasonably priced, esp for the quality of the food.
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.
My g/f and I both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price.
The open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given.
The food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere (including mainland Europe).
Food was good and cheap.
Good Sushi, High Price 
The lunch menu is an awesome deal!
Great value sushi with high quality & nice setting.
– As with most restaurants in Seattle, Mioposto's service was bad and the food was overpriced.
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).
At best, the food was good and definately overpriced.
For the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower.
I have been here, spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment.
Fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and NOT ONE was eatable.
The food is fantastic, authentic, delicious and very, very affordable.
The pancakes were certainly inventive but $8.50 for 3 - 6" pancakes (one of them was more like 5") in the pancake flight (sample of 3 different pancakes) is well over-priced.
The pancakes should be larger (at least 8") to justify the expense even with the unique offerings.
In the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (I had water).
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
The food is very average...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
Food-awesome.
Food is great.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
It is terrific, as is the value.
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
The food was bland oily.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
Great pizza and fantastic service.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
Get the tuna of gari.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
It's all about the food !!
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
it's delicious!
Try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
The food was good too.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
Great service, great food.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
fine dining restaurant quality.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
He served me an Uni Hand roll, which I never had before, and let me tell you...IT WAS HEAVEN!
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.
Hats off to the chef.
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
too large for just two people but nothing was left.
Salads were fantastic.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: Cassuolet, Steake Fritte, Tripe Stew, etc; simple stuff.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
MMmmm... it was delicious.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
The sushi is amazing!!! 
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
We were very disappointed.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.
Fish was overdone.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
It is simply amazing.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
It's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!! 
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
It's very spicy but not offensive.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
The food is amazing... especially if you get the Chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
Our food was great too!
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
The food however, is what one might expect.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
Great pizza for lunch place.
The pizza was great.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
The lox is always fresh too.
Not impressed with the food.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
Taxan delicious!
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
Try green curry with vegetables.
I had the best ravioli ever.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
If you go, try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm..... everything is just delicious.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
The food was authentic.
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC!
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad.
The food is good, I can't lie.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
Try the sea bass.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
JUST AWSOME.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish. 
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
Food is excellent.
Fish is so very fresh.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
(The asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
Pizza here is consistently good.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
You should pass on the calamari.
It is thick and slightly soggy.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
The food was good.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
It was $14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-I've had better for less elsewhere!
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
love the food.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
The fish was really,really fresh.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
It's to die for!
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
Authentic Taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos.
Delicious crab cakes too.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
Great sushi experience.
Unique apppetizers.
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing... their Pizza.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
the turkey burgers are scary!
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
The sushi was awful!
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
Food is great and inexpensive.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
Try the Pad Thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.
The flavors robust and subtle.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)  
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
I LOVE their Thai
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
The food now is inconsistent.
The food is excellent! 
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
The food was exceptional.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
Great food, great prices, great service.
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
The food was absolutely amazing!!
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!! 
The lamb was tender so full of flavor, the dessert was divine!!
Dessert is a joke...dont bother
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
Great food, great decor, great service.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
A real dissapointment.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Good food.
I have never had cheescake like this.
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
skip dessert.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
A classic!
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
It just wasn't Thai.
Was surprisingly disappointed.
Pizza was a little soggy.
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.
Authentic Pakistani food.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
The food was actually aweful.
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
Amazing!
The food's as good as ever.
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
Yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
Wasn't going to share but I feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
The food is great.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
Great food.
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.
Overpriced and not tasty 
The food here was mediocre at best. 
Tasty Dog!
An awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten.
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing.
Super YUMMY Pizza!
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)
Reliable, Fresh Sushi
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
Best. Sushi. Ever.
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.
Creative, consistent, fresh.
Excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.
Not cheap but very yummy.
not only is the food
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.
Good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.
Excellent food for great prices
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.
I wasn't here for the pizza so I can't comment on that yet but what I had was very good.
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed.
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.
The potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
the food is always fresh ...
food was luke warm.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.
If you don't like it, I don't know what to tell you.
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly.
I'm not even going to bother to describe it; it speaks for itself.
Favorite Sushi in NYC
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.
The Dancing, White River and Millenium rolls are musts.
Gross food – Wow-
I can't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York.
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
Great Indian Food!
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.
The omlette for brunch is great...
the spinach is fresh, definately not frozen...
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.
It's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.
Also, I personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York.
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.
The veal was incredible last night.
Fresh, mind blowing flavors.
Delicious, creative and fun.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.
We thought the dessert would be better, Wrong!
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.
However, our main course was wonderful.
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations.
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.
Subtle food and service
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
Food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.
Maggot in the food!
Nevertheless, I finished my plate, and that's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.
Unhygienic
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.
Good creative rolls!
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.
The appetizers are also delicious!
Amazing food.
Great food!
I've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers.
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.
Indo Chinese food, pretty good...
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.
My mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being Indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.
I was speechless by the horrible food.
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...
so delicious!!!!!!
Hands down the best pizza on the planet.
In about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.
great hot dogs..
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!
great taste
Great, original taste.
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.
great food
This place has great indian chinese food.
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.
Best Indian Chinese in the city, by far!
Everything on the menu is great. 
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.
Look, the appetizers were really good.
The entree was also very good.
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef.
Bison was quite excellent however.
Dessert: pure disaster.
Just not good at all.
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.
If you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 
The lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass...which was very good. 
I heard the lobster roll was excellent. 
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 
Great Indian food
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly, but I can say this is one of the best I've had.
Very "normal Indian food", but done really well.
But if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for Indian food
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
However, once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet.
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
Eat at your own risk.
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.
The nakgi-bokum was horrible.
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean.
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.
The wife had the risotto which was amazing.
It doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
The crust has a great bite and a good chew, the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it, the salt from the cheese is great, really heightens the flavor of all the other components.
Personally I like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree, which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better.
Great Shabu Shabu
But for the Shabu Shabu, you won't find much better in NY.
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.
The food tasted very good.
The family seafood entree was very good.
The main entree was also very good.
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
Good Food
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.
The food we ordered was excellent, although I wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.
Everything was going good until we got our meals.
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.
So, I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it.
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.
cirspy crust margherita pizza
it was really good pizza.
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!
Great Hot Dogs!
Though it's been crowded most times I've gone here, Bark always delivers on their food.
The hot dogs are top notch, and they're Slamwich is amazing!
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 
Each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return. 
The food and service were fine, however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.
Best meal in a long time!
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening.
I had the Lamb special which was perfect.
My father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.
The food is great and the environment is even better.
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
The food is good.
Yum!
Serves really good sushi.
Green Tea creme brulee is a must!
Don't leave the restaurant without it.
It has great sushi and even better service.
Good food!
This is a great place to get a delicious meal.
The onion rings are great!
They are not greasy or anything.
– I was highly disappointed in the food at Pagoda.
The lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns, the few they actually give you.....were not good.
Fabulous Italian Food!
The wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to Italy.
– I will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance I experience at this restaurant.
The wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.
The food was great!
It's *very* reasonably priced, esp for the quality of the food.
I had the Kafta plate and it was perfect.
Finally a meal that you will remember for a long time!
– In a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.
This is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.
Caution - its real food for people who love the best.
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.
I may not be a sushi guru but I can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it.
Rice is too dry, tuna wasn't so fresh either.
Nothing really came across as outstanding.
I have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent.
Freshest sushi  – I love this restaurant.
They pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls.
The sashimi was the freshest and most tender I have ever tasted.
Their apps are all delicious.
– The food was not great & the waiters were rude.
food was fine, with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa.
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it's edible, even when you order ahead.
BUt once done, it's not too much dough, not too much cheese, not too much sauce.
Best Sushi in town.
Everything you want and more, very fresh.
The best calamari in Seattle!
Great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks.
The food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.
The sushi here is delicious!
I've had the Jellyfish, Horse Mackerel, Blue Fin Tuna and the Sake Ikura roll among others, and they were all good.
My g/f and I both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price.
We are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.
Excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive
– I loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi (5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes.
Best Indian food in L.A.
The chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes.
The chana masala (garbanzo beans) are also excellent.
It's located in a strip mall near the Beverly Center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.
I think I have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent.
I can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma.
– I really enjoyed my meal here.
I had yummy lamb korma, saag paneer, samosas, naan, etc.
I should have thought to bring it up but never expected the food to be that mild.
The naan was some of the best I've had and I really enjoyed the bhartha, not too tomatoey.
Even the chickpeas, which I normally find too dry, were good.
– I don't understand how I was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - EVERYTHING is delicious.
i am never disappointed with there food.
Everything I've had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.
Lebanese Food!Yum!
The food is simply unforgettable!
The presentation of the food was an added bonus, it looked just as great as it tasted!
My best friend had the chicken shawarma and she STILL raves about it being the best anywhere!
What a tastly, flaky treat!
Holy Hummus!
Dinners have always been excellent, in terms of food quality.
The side of potatoes is to die for, as is the labne (yogurt dip).
Also, they serve THE best hummus in America, with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil (which, I believe is the traditional way)!
I swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal.
We ordered a selection of the small plates, and the shoe string onions, goat cheese pizza, grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good.
The food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere (including mainland Europe).
Open & Cool Place with the Best Pizza and Coffee
– Mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu.
It's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends.
Great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.
Enjoyed the food
Food was good and cheap.
I had the kafta plate and I enjoyed it.
It was so much though that I could barely finish but I did, since it was delicious.
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY NICE PEOPLE AMAZING FOOD WOW
Great food with an awesome atmosphere!
– Eggs, pancakes, potatoes, fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious.
great meal – the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent -- there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi -- this fish was perfect!!!!
Unbeatable sushi!
Two thumbs up!
This is right up there with places in Tokyo as far as the freshness is concerned.
Melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi, and very tasty rolls too.
Be sure to try the oyster roll.
– How to describe the best sushi in NYC: hmmmm, delicious, amazing, fantastic, suculent, perfect, nah, all of the above.
The best Chuwam Mushi I have ever had.
Perfect on a cold day.
Good Sushi, High Price 
The house special roll is really good.
Brunch at Murphy's is to die for, my specialty... egg white omelet, the food is always freshly prepared.
Save room for  scrumptious desserts.
Love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials.
The cooks have been at the restaurant for years and cook family recipes.
The sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.
Space was limited, but the food made up for it.
The Caesar salad I ordered had so much lemon I couldn't eat it.
Great food, better Margaritas!
– i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal.
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time.
Fresh ingrediants and super tasty.
The place is the next best thing to my Moms cooking.
Best food, phenominal service 
For the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best NYC has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.
Your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer SOHO location, and of course: Salmon, Tuna, Fluke, Yellow Tail, Cod, Mackeral, Jellyfish, Sea Urchin, Shrimp, Lobster, Sea Bream, Trout, Milk Fish, Blue Fin Tuna, Eel, Crab, Sardine, Monk Fish, Roe, Scallop, Oysters, and a varity of Toro.
It's fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.
Hands down, the best tuna I have ever had.
Great value sushi with high quality & nice setting.
Try the Chef's Choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty.
Poor customer service/poor pizza.
I know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places, but Mioposto's pizza lacks quality and good taste.
To be honest, I've had better frozen pizza.
The food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we've been there.
Seafood Plus
The appetizer of oysters, lobster, crab (small size) made a perfect entre for my wife.
Seabass on lobster risotto was the best.
Caesar salad was superb.
Leave room for dessert.
Best Crab Cakes in Town
– Thats a big statement considering I've been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since I was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time.
Great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.
Great Pizza, Poor Service
– Love their pizza, especially the mushroom pizza.
Also love their caeser salad.
Many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.
Great Breakfast
– This place is famous for their breakfast.
The food is great and they make a mean bloody mary.
I love breakfast here.
Their crab eggs benedict is addicting.
All their menu items are a hit, and they serve mimosas.
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time
so about the prawns, they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter... soooo good... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty.
yummy.
best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted.
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty.
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time, every piece was as eventful as the first one... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked.
not chewy at all.
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee... oh la la yummy!!!
melt in your mouth.
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).
Amazing Spanish Mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi (that eel with avodcao -- um um um).
As usual the omikase didn't disappoint in freshness, although it scored low on creativity and selection.
Their specialty rolls are impressive, though I can't remember what we had.
Green tea creme brulee gets better each time I have it.
It isn't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time.
While this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.
you are with a hot date and he/she has an urge for sushi...then this might be the place.
the fish was fresh, though it was cut very thin.
Dungeness crabs here!
– Ray's is THE place to go for high quality seafood dinners.
We shared the family platter and I especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu.
I ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting....yummy!
– Great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, B Fast burritos, Gluten Free menu.
Oh, and the cheese fries are awesome!
Good Food, Great Service, Average Prices (For the Strip)
I picked the asparagus, which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared.
The 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great, at least initially.
The steak was done to my exact liking (medium rare) and was nice and juicy.
Though, one thing I realized later on was that the restaurant either used MSG or a meat tenderizer on the steak.
My mouth felt very dry afterwards and I had that signature ?MSG? taste lingering in my throat after I left the restaurant.
They came in their own nifty take out box and with some homemade frosting; very light and not-too-sweet.
The desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner.
good sake, good food – i honestly don't know much about japanese food at all.
had many dishes but the BEST was the lobster 3 ways.
The pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic.
We’re can’t say enough about their delicious gourmet pizza’s!
You never feel icky and stuffed after you eat there.
The pizza’s are light and scrumptious.
Try the Pizza Ensalata!
Absolutely delicious.
The food is sinful.
The specialty here is decadent pancakes, but I've been back now four times, and I've been wowed every time.
Nothing on the menu is less than amazing.
Go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.
Good eats.
Maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that's half-way decent.
I have been here, spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment.
Fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and NOT ONE was eatable.
Delicious
The best dish are the honwy walnut prawns- just outstanding.
The service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.
Delicious...!
The food is fantastic, authentic, delicious and very, very affordable.
Delectable 
Everything, and I mean everything on the menu is delectable.
The sushi is as fresh as it comes?you'd think ocean was in their backyard, no joke!
If you're interested in good tasting (without the fish taste or smell), large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place...
The pizza itself is not exactly the best I've had EVER, but still pretty good.
Food was good and appetizing.
The appetizer was interesting, but the Creme Brulee was very savory and delicious.
Late night dinning with exeptional food.
The food was very good, filet mignon was probably the best I've ever try.
– Mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!
The chips  and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.
The catering is out of this world, and Raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world!!!
On my meal I had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking, and would have had to send them back again if I hadn't rejected the meal all together.
I rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and I was too frustrated to continue.
My party of two was feeling particularly ambitious, and we splurged on the Shilshole Sampler...a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns, smoked albacore tuna, Ray's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill, scallops in a tasty soy dressing, and a tiny pile of Dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce.
For my entr&eacute;e, I completely enjoyed the seared Alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard, artichoke hearts, fennel, and pecorino toscano.
The scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique (not to mention tasty).
My friend enjoyed the grilled Alaskan King Salmon with delectable creamed Washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans.
I had a taste of all three items on her plate, and they were superb.
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
Over 100 different choices to create your own.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
The food options rule.
The bagel was huge.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: Cassuolet, Steake Fritte, Tripe Stew, etc; simple stuff.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
And really large portions.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
The buffet had a nice selection.
But, they were too big for the bun.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
The menu has so many fish items and oysters.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
You can do it here.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
We had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza!
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
Creative, consistent, fresh.
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
Delicious, creative and fun.
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all.
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you NAME it.
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
Good creative rolls!
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer. 
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi, seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice! 
The bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.
It doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled.
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.
I couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
The pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.
The lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns, the few they actually give you.....were not good.
I have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent.
The only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.
Everything you want and more, very fresh.
They have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from; Atlantic or Pacific.
My only negative comment is that I wish the pieces were a little bigger.
– I loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi (5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes.
The presentation of the food was an added bonus, it looked just as great as it tasted!
The open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given.
Also, they serve THE best hummus in America, with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil (which, I believe is the traditional way)!
The food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere (including mainland Europe).
– Mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu.
– This is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!
plenty of food,trust me .
Not only can the selection be innovative, but there's a nice balance of traditional sushi as well.
Your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer SOHO location, and of course: Salmon, Tuna, Fluke, Yellow Tail, Cod, Mackeral, Jellyfish, Sea Urchin, Shrimp, Lobster, Sea Bream, Trout, Milk Fish, Blue Fin Tuna, Eel, Crab, Sardine, Monk Fish, Roe, Scallop, Oysters, and a varity of Toro.
Chintzy portions
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).
We easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.
As usual the omikase didn't disappoint in freshness, although it scored low on creativity and selection.
the fish was fresh, though it was cut very thin.
And they give good quantity for the price.
I love Dungeness crabs and at Ray's you can get them served in about 6 different ways!
– Great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, B Fast burritos, Gluten Free menu.
Most importantly, we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu.
For the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower.
You won’t be disappointed by their menu.
The pizza’s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings.
Fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and NOT ONE was eatable.
If you're interested in good tasting (without the fish taste or smell), large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place...
big thick pepperoni
– The pepperoni's cut real thick--Yum.
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu.
I should have just asked for the check when I saw that; but their menu was so unique that I continued.
The pancakes should be larger (at least 8") to justify the expense even with the unique offerings.
In the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (I had water).
My party of two was feeling particularly ambitious, and we splurged on the Shilshole Sampler...a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns, smoked albacore tuna, Ray's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill, scallops in a tasty soy dressing, and a tiny pile of Dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce.
For my entr&eacute;e, I completely enjoyed the seared Alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard, artichoke hearts, fennel, and pecorino toscano.
The scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique (not to mention tasty).
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
Avoid this place!
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
I/we will never go back to this place again.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
You can't go wrong here.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
And I hate to say this but I doubt I'll ever go back. 
we love th pink pony.
THe perfect spot.
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience. 
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
I had a great experience.
I have been going back again and again.
I'm going back.
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!
Go hungry and enjoy.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
A big disappointment, all around.
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES, I get angry that I didn't just go to Zucchero Pomodori.
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
I just don't understand all the hype...
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
I don't think I would go again.
This place is great.
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!
I will be back!
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
I'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much... and we're repeat customers.
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
A must try!
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
I would highly recommend it.
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
You will not be disapointed at all.
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
I definitely wouldn't go back.
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.
I will be going back very soon.
keep up the good work.
It was wonderful.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
We will be back.
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
We'd go back again
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.
We all felt it was worth it.
it is not consistent.
And where does Patis go wrong; no where. 
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
I can't wait to go back.
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
I absolutely love this place!!!
Big thumbs up!
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
Check this place out!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else.
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
You will find yourself returning quite often.
Beautiful experience.
All in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks!!!!
We will definitely go back.
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
No plans to return anytime soon.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
We will go back every time we are in the City.
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.
I highly recommend it.
My six year old loved it.
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
We had a good time.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Highly recommended to all!
I thought this place was totally overrated.
When you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
This restaurant was recommended by a local...as a matter of fact, he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed!
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
I was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
A guaranteeed delight!
I pray it stays open forever.
Thank You Emilio.
I go twice a month!
Fantastic!
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
Will not be back.
Highly recommended.
but overall i give it a 10
10
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
Will never be back.
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.
wont come back again for sure!
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
This was a great surprise.
I look forward to eating here again
Planet Thai is great!
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
Overall, not worth the money.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
Love YUKA.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
We were very pleasantly surprised.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
please don't fool us.
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
I loved this place!!
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
What a great place.
Never again!
I absolutely Loved this place.
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
I would highly recommend this place!
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
Overall, excellent restaurant!
I would go back.
I will definetly be going back.
highly recommended.
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
Will absolutely visit again.
You cannot go wrong with this place.
Go here.
However, it is jus too good to not praise it.
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
Great neighborhood joint.
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
Seriously, this place kicks ass.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
This place is not worth the prices.
Love Pizza 33..
It hits the spot every time
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
I would highly recommend.
Give it a try and enjoy.
Would NEVER go back there.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
What more can you ask for?
Everything about this restaurant was special.
I'm saving up for my next visit.
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
You can't go wrong with this place.
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
I will go back to Suan soon!
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
I was pleasantly suprised.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
Never fails to please.
Fantastic place.
A pleasant surprise.
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
I recommend it!
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
Go there once and oh yes...you will go back...you will...
What a great place!
Loved it!
It is expensive but well worth the money.
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
I really liked this place.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
We were less than impressed.
Probably would not go again...
Don't miss Bloom's on your next trip to Manhatten.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
Faan is sooo good.
What more could you want?
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
Can't wait to go back.
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
I loved it and would go again.
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach.
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
No thanks!!!
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
We left, never to return.
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
I heartily recommend.
I love it.
I plan on stopping by next week as well.
Definately check it out!!!
This place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
Keep up the good work guys!
Love Al Di La
I recommend this place to everyone.
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn. 
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.
Run don't walk.
We had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!
Will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in LA..
Love it.
Very, very nice
The place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.
not only is the food
Loved It
We had a very nice time.
I'd definitely go back again.
Highly recommended!
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit.
There are no negatives to speak of.
the bestt!
my favorite place lol
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low pirces.
Way below average
Would NEVER go back
I love this place
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean.
I'll be back for sure.
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.
awesome
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.
SO GOOD
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ...)
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else.
Oh, and I never write reviews--I just was so moved by how bad this place was, I felt it was my duty to spread the word.
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
I highly recommend this beautiful place.
I come here enjoy very much with husband.
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
The best!
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.
This place is a must visit!
Thank you everyone at Water's Edge.
would NOT go back.
$170 down the toilet...
Good Experience
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
Impressed...
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE!
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York!
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!
Great find in the West Village!
I do not recommend.
Great place, great value.
Awesome
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!
Try it!
Very pleased
Still we keep going back :)
I was so stunned, and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.
I will NEVER return.
Best In ALL of NYC
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City, not just Brooklyn...
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...
you should travel from the Bronx to try it...
Patsy's Pizza = true love
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.
AMAZING MY FAVORITE!!!
I came across Village Underground by accident, now I go there all the time.
The DJ is awesome, I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back.
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME!!!
One of the best, if not THE best, restaurants in Park Slope (and NY in general)
This establishment is the real deal. 
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience!
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
Our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.
Our experience did not ever get any better.
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!
I wish I COULD be refunded!
Probably would not go back here.
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
One of the BEST
Bukhara Grill, the tagline says it all.. "INDIAN SPICE RAVE"
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
Wretched and retching
It wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.
More Williamsburg Garbage
Lives up to the hype
It was well worth the wait.
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
Love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don’t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly – yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can’t say enough good things about this brasserie.
I don’t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but I’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.
Terrible would be a compliment!
Stay away
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.
This place doesn't make any sense
Just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
Loved it
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it.
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.
Regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.
Dumbfoundingly Poor
This was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
On that scale, it's a world-beater.
How is this palce still open?
I honestly don't even know where to begin.
Everything was going good until we got our meals.
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.
Well...they can run but they can't hide.
This place...god where do i begin.
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience.
Everyone must come here at least once.
Highly recommend it!
Don’t go to this place!
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner.
What a hassle!
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.
I generally like this place.
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.
No Comparison
– I can't say enough about this place.
I've been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date.
Overrated
Nice ambience, but highly overrated place.
I will not go back.
I will never return again.
– I highly recommend Mioposto.
I am so happy to have a wonderful Italian restaurant in my neighborhood.
I love this restaurant
It was absolutely amazing.
I have not a bad thing to say about this place.
AMAZING.
I cannot wait to go back again this coming weekend!
Mmm... good!
We're going back. :D
Very Disappointing
– I took my parents here for their anniversary-very very disappointed!!!
Very disappointed.
Freshest sushi  – I love this restaurant.
You are bound to have a very charming time.
Not recommanded!!!
It is not worth going at all and spend your money there!!!
If you're in the area you shouldn't be disappointed.
Ok.... – Maybe I went in on someone's bad day....
I don't know if I'll be back....
Mama Mia – I live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place.
Its worth the wait, especially since they'll give you a call when the table is ready.
A perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year.
Endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!
– By far the best bar in the east village...
I went there with some friends one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it was a blast!
Been there lots since and its always a good time.
I FOUND A NEW HOME ON SECOND AVENUE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just go there and see for yourself.
Kudos to these guys.
I found a new home and just moved with a long lease.
We are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.
Unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks I wouldn't recommend going here.
You are likely to be disappointed.
I recommend it for a night when you want to splurge! (it was a bit expensive)
hidden little jem
awesome find
– I don't understand how I was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - EVERYTHING is delicious.
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager
great lunch spot
– Great financial district mexican spot.
Everything I've had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.
– I've been to Open Sesame only once, but I'm still reeling from the experience!!
GO TO OPEN SESAME!!!
However, this place is a gem, and I won't stop going back.
– My first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible!
HOWEVER, one Sunday afternoon my husband and I did go (although with my loud protests) and were pleasantly surprised.
It was like dining at a completely different restaurant.
We have since returned and also had a great experience, sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good).
Nice job!
NOT THE PLACE IT ONCE WAS
– It is sad to see a place that was once "THE" place to meet and eat for Bfast or Lunch, now be the place that is a big "DONT BOTHER."
This establishment really made a marked decline after ( and this is recurring story ) the airing of FOOD TELEVISIONS "DINERS, DRIVE-INS, AND DIVES" hosted by Guy Fieri, in which Schooner or Later was subject of.
Perhaps now, Scooner or Later falls into the "Dive" category.
This is sad for what once was one of the best places you could ever eat.
I hope one day Scooner or Later returns to what it once was.
Untill this happens, my advice is to STAY AWAY.
Old Reliable
– After 12 years in Seattle Ray's rates as the place we always go back to.
I liked it.
Still I would recommend this place.
WOW!!!!!!!!
– IT CANT GET ANY BETTER!!!!!
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY NICE PEOPLE AMAZING FOOD WOW
absolutely fabulous!!!
splendid
I can't saybenough good things about this restaurant, and I can't wait for my next several visits.
Perfection.
One of the best Sushi place in town.
That's a huge compliment, especially in the fickled restaurant business, ...enough already!
I guarantee you won't be disappointed, there's also valet parking.
Addicting!
– Best Mexican place for lunch in the financial district.
I went there with a friend from out of town... and we were both very impressed!
I'd go back there in a heartbeat.
– This is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!
i love this place!
WAY OVER-RATED!!!!
– This place is unbelievably over-rated.
10!
There is only one place on the east coast that has it all, plus a lot more.
Bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world: BLUE RIBBON SUSHI.
Cut to the chase - this is amazing!
Blue Ribbon lives up to it's fantastic reputation.
I went here on a recommendation and will surely return time and time again.
What a find!
Well worth it 
The only positive thing about Mioposto is the nice location.
Love it every time 
I was frankly shocked when I read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic; it has not let us down in any way, and we've eaten here more than 10 times.
Never had one single problem there.
– This was  great dining experience.
If you're going to see Danny Gans or just staying at the Mirage, don't miss this one.
COMPLETELY OVER RATED!
AVOID THE PLACE
– Save yourself the waste of time & DO NOT visit.
Always a winner.
It's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.
Doesn't get any better than that.
we are for sure coming back to this restaurant.
it is sad there is not many people who frequent eating at places like these that look pricey because they are at the hotel... but they are definitely one you dont want to miss, esp if your in downtown san jose.
Always good.
We were only in Seattle for one night and I'm so glad we picked Rays for dinner!
The service is fantastic at this fun place.
If there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open, you know it is great.
This is the case at this gem.
Best Neighborhood Standby.
You Can't Go Wrong Here.
In Grammercy/Union Square/East Village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot.
Overall, I would go back and eat at the restaurant again.
VERY GOOD!
Not sure if I would go back.
My favortie pizza joint in Seattle
– This is my "must bring out of town guests to" restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it.
In fact, many want to return a second time during their visit.
Excellent
– My husband and I love eating at Mioposto Café.
Worth the wait
– Had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning, but it was so worth it.
Go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.
I don't know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place.
I have been to this place, folks and it is BAD.
DONOT GO!
It was worth the wait.
Will definitely be back.
– I recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had.
To the owners of Open Sesame...Bravo...I can't wait to come back to dine at your restaurant!
Once you're inside, the real experience begins.
I probably wouldn't go back though 'cuz I don't know if it's worth it.
Maybe I'll go back once more many years from now when I've forgotten I went there already.
This place rocks!!
Much more than just a great view!
– I am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at Ray's Boathouse last Friday completely exceeded my expectations.
Imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about Ray's!
All considered, I have to say that Ray's Boathouse is deserving of its title as a Seattle institution.
It's a small cute restaurant.
We weren't!
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
When you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
The prices are wonderfully low.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
Overall, not worth the money.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
and you can't beat the prices.
Also very inexpensive.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
Nice value.
This place is not worth the prices.
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
Prices are very good.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
Great food, great prices, great service.
It is expensive but well worth the money.
Priced at upper intermediate range.
It was pretty inexpensive too.
This place is a great bargain.
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
The price very reasonable.
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low pirces.
Not because you are "The Four Seasons"... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
$170 down the toilet...
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.
Great place, great value.
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME!!!
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "I've been to the four seasons restaurant".
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
Our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).
But if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for Indian food
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly – yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can’t say enough good things about this brasserie.
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
It's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.
Can’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.
Expensive
However, the value and service are both severely lacking.
The only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.
– Pretty cheap for sit down Mexican AND downtown.
Excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive
I recommend it for a night when you want to splurge! (it was a bit expensive)
The best thing is, the prices are also quite reasonable.
$6 with tip.
The price was right too.
– The sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for NYC).
We easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.
I'm astonished that this restaurant is categorized as $$$ rather than $$$$.
Terrible service, food ok, pricey
Food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.
Overpriced
Although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.
The most pleasant surprise was the check that did not exceed my expectations as it always happens in most of the places.
The chips  and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.
Insultingly Overpriced
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
Service- friendly and attentive.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
Service is top notch.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...
Then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes. 
Such a disappointment...
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
Service was prompt and courteous.
Great service, great food.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
The staff is no nonsense.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
Seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
All the staff is absolutely professional!! 
But they do.
(that is A MUST, but not every restaurant can do...) 
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
For instance, plates were just dumped on the table, I was handed the wine list upside down, etc.... 
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.
The staff offers impeccable service.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
Service was quick.
And it was quick which is very important.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
Delivery is fast too.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
The wine the service was very good too.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
Great staff.
Always great service!
But the staff was so horrible to us.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
the waitstaffs are nice though.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
The service was attentive.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently 
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time, the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
but the service was a bit slow.
Service was also very good.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
I've waited over one hour for food.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
An excellent service
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
The counter service is bad.
They charge different prices all the time.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
Murray won't do it.
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
The service is awful.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
Good, fast service.
Always busy but fast moving.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
Service is fast and friendly.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
But that is highly forgivable.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Great food, great prices, great service.
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so frendly that we never want to live the place!
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
The waiter was attentive.
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
Great food, great decor, great service.
And even with it's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
Quick and friendly service.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
They all know you.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 
People are always friendly.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
Staff is very accomodating.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
Service is not what you are coming here for...
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Always good drinks and service is pretty good;
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
We were then shooed inside.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating.
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.
The service was quick and friendly.
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
The waitress was not attentive at all.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.
The staff is very good.
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well. 
Great survice
Raymond the bartender rocks!
The drinks are great, especially when made by Raymond.
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.
Service was wonderful;
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.
Paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
Subtle food and service
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.
Servers are all different, Greg is my favorite.
Sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.
This is the first place I've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.
I go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
When the bill came, nothing was comped, so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but I didn't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.
We paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...
Helpful service and average price per dish $10.
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in NYC.
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they don't make you by bottles.
Which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.
You would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.
The hostess was very pleasant.
Once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.
We asked for beverages and never received them.
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka!
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!
To top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!
At first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 
She replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded." 
They seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand). 
Service not the friendliest to our "large party"! 
Also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
For starters they delivered us someone else's order.
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.
None was made so i hung up.
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service.
She just nodded and walked off.
As to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.
We were charged full price.
It’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘excuse me’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!
The service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
Lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn.
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.
Polite acknowledgement is out;
supercilious scorn is in.
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
We arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.
At this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress WALKED away.
Guess what, I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, I wish you would have said something earlier" No apology, nothing.
After that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!
No desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!
This is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and I cannot comp it.
Again, no apology, no is there anything else I can get you, no can I get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!
The level of rudeness was preposterous.
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED.
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 
As BFC doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!
The frizzy retro girl (with winged/ Dame Edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink. 
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she "had a BBQ to go to" that night - WTF??
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
There's another girl who I can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about. 
I'm a friendly person, so I wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal. 
Again, I'd be super upset if that were my employee.
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 
So, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...
Maitre-D-"Eat and get out"
This guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including Paris, that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.
His response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.
A word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-D's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.
If you go here, do it on his off-night.
Poor service and management
Appetizers took nearly an hour.
When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.
Never got an explanation as to what was going on.
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.
When we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.
On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.
Can’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.
On our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.
So rude!!!
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane.
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can I help you" and "how many are in your party."
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
bad staff
But the service is HORRID!
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.
I can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so I try to ignore it).
I couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.
She then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.
It has great sushi and even better service.
The entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need.
Snotty Attitude
– We were treated very rudely here one time for breakfast.
The owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint.
We never had to wait more than 5 minutes.
The staff is pretty friendly.
Worst Service I Ever Had
Everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received.
Our waiter was non-existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered, we were not given any water or utensils.
I complained to the manager, but he was not even apologetic.
– I will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance I experience at this restaurant.
The wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.
– In a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.
However, the value and service are both severely lacking.
The service ranges from mediocre to offensive.
On a recent trip, our waiter was extremely dismissive, while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of Japanese girls seated nearby.
We were then charged for their most expensive sake ($20+ per serving) when we in fact drank a sake of less than half that price.
But the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.
– The food was not great & the waiters were rude.
great service
my service was stellar!
the bus boy even spotted that my table was shaking a stabilized it for me.
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.
Took forever to get our order taken, water refills were too much to ask for and the only time she was fast was when we asked for our bill when we could get her attention.
Its worth the wait, especially since they'll give you a call when the table is ready.
– ...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the Seattle evening weather.
Endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!
Every time "0-sixtynine" is called the bartender buys everyone drinks!
The food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.
You need to watch your game, they will have it on for you.
The owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for.
The service was courteous and attentive.
Never too crowded and always great service.
I appreciate their delivery too.
Normally, places ask how hot you want it, but they didn't.
And they packaged everything nicely so it didn't spill.
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager
Always busy, but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service.
You can order to go if you have to get back to the office too!
The staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.
The only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service.
There have been several occasions when we've just not gotten some side dishes we've ordered.
We waited over 30 minutes for our drinks and over 1 1/2 hours for our food.
The band was very good and the service was attentive.
We did have the same waiter the second time, so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good.
The sommelier is fantastic, down-to-earth, & extremely knowlegable.
The food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere (including mainland Europe).
What may be interesting to most is the worst sevice/attitude comes from the owners of this establishment.
The servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful.
Great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.
Service was kind of slow, our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it wasn't that busy.
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY NICE PEOPLE AMAZING FOOD WOW
plus, i am allergic to rice, and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating -- didn't even bat an eye!
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake!!
However, they do take your cellphone numbers so that you can go hang out somewhere else till they call you up on your cellphone.
Can get busy on Fridays for a table but once seated, the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly.
The sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.
Well I guess it's hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff.
We stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us.
Finally, my wife stood face to face in front of one of the staff and she asked, "Are you waiting for a table?"
Once seated it took about 30 minutes to finally get the meal.
– This is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!
it gets really busy, so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat, if you do have to wait, its not bad because the service is quick!
Best food, phenominal service 
For the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best NYC has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.
The nicest waiters in town.
If I want to stand in line on Sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then I would put Murphy's at the top of the list.
The regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.
Poor customer service/poor pizza.
– As with most restaurants in Seattle, Mioposto's service was bad and the food was overpriced.
The food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we've been there.
The food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.
Even then, the order was not correct and we were still waiting for a couple items.
We had a very hard time getting the waitress' attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager.
As it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20% discount on our bill.
When the bill came, he only took the discount off the food and not the drinks.
It was clear he didn’t really care.
When I got there I sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!
I waited for 10-15 minutes for service ordered a beer & was never served again.
After sitting there with my empty glass for over 20 minutes I left.
After sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks & kept telling us she'd be right with us.
We left without ever getting service.
Great Pizza, Poor Service
Prefer to order it and pick it up though because I don't like the servers, one young woman in particular.
She doesn't make you feel welcome and treats you like an annoyance.
But she is very friendly with certain people, making it even more annoying.
Management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners.
Many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.
It's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese.
First off, the food came fast and all together :) i like that... i hate the pretentiousness of things coming in one after the other.
Terrible service, food ok, pricey
We put out name down and although there were open tables we were told that it'd be a 30 minute wait.
We went back to the restaurant and low and behold, we were seated at one of the tables that was available 30 minutes ago!!
None that I can think of.
We put in our order and although we ordered 4 appetizers, the food didn't arrive until 45 minutes later...WITH OUR MAIN COURSE.
Um so now what are appetizers for???
Oh I forgot to mention that they don't have bread service.
My wife also ordered a teapot of hot water (she had a sore throat) and I guess that since it was only water, it wasn't a priority for them to actually bring it.
In other words, if they aren't making $$ off of you then you don't rate high on their 'service scale'.
6pm on a Sat before a Broadway play and we were quickly seated and served.
Very poor customer service.
– Schooner or Later's charming location along the marina in Long Beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.
While this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.
As part of a small party of four, our food was dropped off without comment;
any further needs we may have had could not have been met since no one stopped by the table.
When we finally were able to flag someone down, it was someone entirely different from the person who had dropped off the food, who was also not the same person who had taken our order.
After one member of our party had been bumped repeatedly by a waitress, a polite request that he not be bumped sent the waitress into an abusive rant.
A brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment--to say we had been "blown off" would be an understatement.
The manager continually interrupted with "Is there anything else I can do for you?", a strange comment because she had hardly listened, let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience.
She promised to speak to the waitress who had flown off in a rage, but we could hardly take her promise seriously, seeing as she hadn't bothered to get the waitresses name.
In short, Schooner or Later couldn't have cared less about our being at their establishment.
great service.
And the service was simply spendid - quite a delight.
The service is fantastic at this fun place.
Good Food, Great Service, Average Prices (For the Strip)
The dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50/pp after tax and tip (about average).
But the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly.
Server made several sake suggestions which were very good.
The waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.
I've always found the wait staff and, if you sit at the bar, the cooks very friendly.
The staff was really friendly.
The service is really attentive and charming.
We waited for an hour to be seated.
The service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.
Our server was very professional and friendly.
The waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa.
Although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.
Should check-up on us more frequently, don't you think?
We were seated right away, the table was private and nice.
The service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters.
– Mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!
To start things off, our lovely server Brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order.
Our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but I did remain puzzled by one issue:  Who thinks that Ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.
