The design and atmosphere is just as good.
Secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone's living room.
Nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale Italian decor.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
Looking from the outside in, one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall (really, that's what it is).
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
I love the atmorphere @ peep!
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
Also, the place is popular with families, so if you're bothered by children running loose like wild animals, come later at night to avoid them.
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
Not pretentious and very economical.
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.
Odd for Ave B, not just odd, The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style.
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful!
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
The setting is casual and romantic.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
Its not the same if you have to sit inside.
Great people watching as others do the same to you.
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
Big and gawky on the outside.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
I love this cozy around the way Rest.
The place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
Check out the secret back room.
It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
It's constantly open, catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
Aside from the bearded, courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he's sleeping with that week, you see a strange mix of hipsters, frat boys, Will Smith types who need to be told they are black, bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet....
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
Behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
Now it's so crowded and loud you can't even talk to the person next to you.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
It's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street.
After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
Located at the end of a magnificent block.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
Don't waste money on decor.
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
The place was quiet and delightful.
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
The atmosphere is great!!!
It can be a very fun experience with a group, and kids (6 and over) would love it.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
Filled with suits, though, so you never really feel terribly comfortable.
It's like you are transported to the Italian countryside, very romantic and filled with antiques.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
This place is incredibly tiny.
I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.
I was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.
A very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
The ceiling is amazing!
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
Oh and it's too tiny for families with strollers.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT, MODERN, YET COZY.
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs, so be aware.
Too cold to enjoy.
So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.
Chance is a small cozy restaurant, with a romantic feel to it, the decor is great.
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.
Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
Great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.
And forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
The location is perfect.
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
If your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in Time Sq...
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
Spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.
Why do people rave about the ambience.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
Great vibe, lots of people.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
Romantic if you want it to be (brightly lit).
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
It's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat.
Don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village, but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris.
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.
The place was nice and calm.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, I do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS.
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
Really cool stauff inside.
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.
Like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
It's a small cute restaurant.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt.
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
Here's to the fake fish tanks too...
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
Zero ambiance to boot.
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full.
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
Good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
I LOVED THE SHOWS.
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
I think the restaurant was too loud (when full) to be romantic.
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
It's true, you feel like your in a scene from Goodfellas.
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.
Very neighborhoody, very quick and sufficient.
And I could do without the cigar smoke.
The ambience is very calm and quiet.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
Cute and decorative.
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries, but here, they really cram you in to the point where it's borderline uncomfortable.
Sure, the setting is nice.
Some of the finest latin women you'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy's.
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
There is not a single place in Chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.
The place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
ALWAYS full with tourists (especially because of it's close proximity to Rockefeller Center).
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place (he painted the ballato's sign in the window).
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai (more modern and sleek).
Anyhow, we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat, which was nice.
PERFECT FOR DATES!
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
Jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
Decor leaves something to be desired.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
Oh yes, and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, I would love to know where they obtained.
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
I care more about the food and ambience.
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
My only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you!
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
Great food, great decor, great service.
There was no ambiance.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers, right off of Pell St (barber's alley) in Chinatown.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
It is LOUD, HOT and DARK.
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
Decor is charming.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC, it's wonderful, and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights.
If you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
And everytime I go there's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front.
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
This place is always very crowded and popular.
When you enter, you feel like you have entered your mom's kitchen.
Interior was so so.
Certainly not the best sushi in New York, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
Stay away if you're claustrophobic
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.
The design is very intimate and romantic.
The atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable.
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant.
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste.
I can't stand this dungeon.
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
There was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
There's candlelight and music.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events.
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
The space is traditional in feel.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.
Tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.
Not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.
Dug the blue bar area too.
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.
At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
Atmosphere is a bore.
The decor is what initially got me in the door.
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
Alias is warm and cozy and you don't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton.
The restaurant was quiet and intimate.
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic.
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
The ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day?
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
Very nice touch that very much fits the place.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there.
The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
But now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
The atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of.
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
I would definitely recommend Mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
He can't help, they're bought up so fast.
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.
We were very disappointed.
IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE.
I really liked this place.
I will be going back very soon.
Will not be back.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning.
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth's is the Strip House.
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.
You'll adore it.
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
Not what I wanted to hear.
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.
I've been there a few times, and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.
Can't wait to go back.
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds.
If you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I'm in NYC.
I heartily recommend.
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones.
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
This place is so much fun.
I was glad I did.
I'll be back soon.
Went inside and I started to get excited.
However, it is jus too good to not praise it.
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason.
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
If you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what Rao's is all about.
but overall i give it a 10
This was one of the BEST restaurants I've ever been to.
This restaurant used to be pretty decent.
I was there on sat.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
The entire dining experience was wonderful!
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
What more can you ask for?
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment.
I've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy's Bronx Cafe.
I look forward to eating here again
I know because I live nearby.
My entire family was horrified.
On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers.
Check it out
Don't go.
But they do.
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place (PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES).
Suan has challenged this loyalty.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
Went with mommy (the only person who could afford taking me here).
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.
I am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
Enjoy!
We weren't!
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
(La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico).
It could have been handled better.
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
We were very pleasantly surprised.
I will never visit this restaurant again.
(or sister, in my case!).
I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.
Don't go there!
Good luck getting a table.
We picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.
Don't look down your nose at me like that...
Planet Thai is great!
Just don't do it.
Just ignore the trendy wannabes.
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night.
I wish they had one near my office- I would go everyday.
Finally!
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
You will not be disapointed at all.
Walk-ins are risky too.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
Something about them being busy with holiday party's.
I would highly recommend.
This place is great.
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery, and wasn't all that impressed.
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC.
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded.
We visit at least once a month.
I'll keep this short.
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.
However, it's not worth a special trip.
Gigino's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
If that's a problem, go to McDonald's and destroy your insides.
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
Sexy.
I will have to say, this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite.
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
Even with John's and Joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.
My girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite.
despite the untasteful previous review...
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
Sure, everyone's got their favorite, but to know Sal, is to know New York.
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come.
You order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown.
We will go back every time we are in the City.
we love th pink pony.
So eat fast and order a lot.
I have to agree with the previous reviewer.
--Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
If you were there when it first opened, give this restaurant a second chance.
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
If you like Sakagura but you feel it's too much, you'd better try Yokocho.
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
You can't go wrong with this place.
Authentic bistro!
Being from the south, there aren't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz's Deli.
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.
It's convenient.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
Oh right, I should probably say something nice.
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.
David, Daytona Beach, FL
Perhaps.
Go here.
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
Rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.
What a great place.
Don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
By the time we were done, it was past 1:00am.
Read all the other review, they'll confirm it.
I have been twice to this restaurant.
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros.
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
It's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.
Fantastic place.
Definitely not a restaurant to skip!
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
You can do it here.
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
I just read Mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.
It hits the spot every time
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.
and there's no way out.
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.
This is my fourth try over a two year period, and I'm done.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
Probably would not go again...
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place (the first being Joya).
Also good for client lunch meetings, esp.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.
by dinner time, they turn it around and mount a huge comeback!!
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I've experienced the same with other restaurants so I don't appreciate such practice.
I'm going back.
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years.
wow! how have i missed this one ,tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew.
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.
This place was not ALL THAT!
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they're eaten.
I have been to Mary's many times and I like it.
Searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
This is the best thing in Soho.
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience.
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant, I decided to give it a try with two friends.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
Wonderful at holiday time.
The place is a lot of fun.
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to Ping's three weekends in a row!!!
As we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
during happy hour!
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.
Love YUKA.
Go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
A guaranteeed delight!
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years.
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
Anyway, this is the last time I cross the williamsburg.
When I'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, I head for Cafe St. Bart's.
Guess the 555Soul ads didn't launch her big modeling career.
Besides, we were on vacation!
Don't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo.
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
Definately check it out!!!
We will be back.
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
I got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!
You cannot go wrong with this place.
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.
I've been to this monster sushi twice, the 46th st once, the 23rd st one a number of times.
Go inside and you won't want to leave.
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
I would go back tho.
A pleasant surprise.
We got most of it back at home with us.
Get there before 7pm.
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT.
We left, never to return.
No apologies during restaurant week.
They also do a great job for restaurant week.
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently.
This is where the aforementioned line was.
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.
i dont how this place is still running.
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record.
Excellent experience.
Well worth the trip, close to City Hall and downtown subway stops.
What more could you want?
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
All in all, I don't see how you can go wrong.
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
I'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good.
What a great place!
Was surprisingly disappointed.
I went to Ruby Foo's after work with a group of 6.
I'm amazed we haven't been kicked out of this place yet.
Katz's has been a NYC original for over 100 years.
Great find!!!
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
I definitely wouldn't go back.
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
A hearty two thumbs up!
All pretty good.
You can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.
you guys rock.
Chance is a joke.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
I was at Rao's last Wed.
Tends to turn people away.
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.
Went there for an office lunch.
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
If you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
I never had anything I didn't like here.
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
I've been to Joya twice and I will never go again.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town.
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn.
Love Pizza 33..
I'm from England, and Haru's was the best I had in NYC.
Less = More in their case.
Ruby Foo's is a tourist trap.
I've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
Ciao Bella
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.
I absolutely Loved this place.
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible!
If you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.
This restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.
Keep up the good work guys!
Hurley's is terrific!
Took my sister here before attending a show one evening.
Really.
Our friends have not arrived yet.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
I absolutely love this place!!!
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort.
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.
No thanks!!!
I would definently recommend this restaurant.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
A big disappointment, all around.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
Definitely Highly NOT recommended.
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
I'd call it an 'italian dinner'.
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls' night.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
I pray it stays open forever.
This is the first time Citysearch did't call it right.
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.
What for?
Fantastic!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date.
But people from Sichuan will die for it)  - Chongqing Hot Pot, chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan, now became an independent province.
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!
Molto bene!
They are amazing!
Avoid this place!
A must try!
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week's notice.
Based on a visit a month ago, I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed.
Went here on a friend's reccomendation.
I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience.
We will definitely go back.
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.
Is just the way it was in days gone by.
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!
Just go and see for yourself.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
I hate this.
That place was awesome,,,  sally !
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
get over it!
However, it just so happens that there's an even more amazing place just down the street.
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight.
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
They are located in the middle of Chinatown!
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito's home.
Katz's deli is a great NY experience.
Check it out.
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything, I mean everything was excelent.I
GO HERE.
We weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
After reading the posts, I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow, despite living in Park Slope.
I loved it and will be back soon.
This isn't your corner Chinese food takeout.
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,
uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.
JUST AWSOME.
I will definetely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!
This is one of our all-time favorite.
this place is amazingly bad.
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
I love this place.
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.
What's the difference between the two?
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings!
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko.
Will never be back.
I highly recommend it.
Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.
My six year old loved it.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it.
If you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.
I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
hmmm.
When I called this morning, I didn't think I would be able to get in at 12, but I was able to get in, along with four other guests.
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
I haven't been to the other locations.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.
I'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant I recommend going.
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street.
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.
But I'd go back
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai (another delicious Thai restaurant).
That said, I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I've EVER had.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1.
I don't think I would go again.
We were a group of 8 and well seved.
And that's no mean feat...
I often go there to eat with my family.
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.
I noted it was crossed off on the bill.
Needless to say, I'm never going back and you should be wary too.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple.
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both A-listers and people walking in off the street.
first it took us a long time to find the place.
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.
I am a die hard peep lover.
SEA has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe.
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
Not worth it.
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
This was on a Tuesday night.
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (I happen to live in Inwood).
Don't waste your time, or money!!
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed.
This was a great surprise.
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening.
It was wonderful.
Went for a late weekday lunch.
I just don't understand all the hype...
I don't get it either.
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
I for one will never patronize them again.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
So, again, give it a try.
Stay far away from this place.
We will come back!!!
We'd go back again
i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning.
But on a lazy Saturday night, we ended up going.
I have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews I got take out last week.
Once for dinner and once for brunch.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.
I only have friends.
Please save yourself the frustration.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
We were on our way back to NJ, and since I am in NY, we figured why not grab some food?
And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair.
I was pleasantly suprised.
One less manhattanite the better.
Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
Look elsewhere.
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy's Bronx, or for that matter, Jimmy's Uptown, again.
Everyone I bring here always loves it.
Worth a visit.
A real dissapointment.
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!
Would definitely visit again.
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
so i thought why not change it up a bit.
P.S. Please don't tell anyone in my family i eat there.
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
I went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.
I went there with my friend last saturday.
Just an odd group.
I love this place!
it is not consistent.
Was there Friday night.
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
I recommend it!
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well.
enough said!
I don't live in NY but my best friend does.
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
After the review I treked into Brooklyn.
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
Recommendations, of course, are required!
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town.
Yeah, it's that good.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
I have been going back again and again.
Overall, excellent restaurant!
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
But too far east!
Satisfying.
Highly Highly Highly recommended!
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv.
now if they could only get a toaster.
You will find yourself returning quite often.
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.
Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
I go twice a month!
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
A million better places to go in the city.
I love it.
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
Its located in greenewich village.
Three strikes and this restaurant is out.
We bring in a party of ten or so every week.
We would return to this place again!
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.
I've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants.
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
I agree.
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
It just wasn't Thai.
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix.
Recommended.
I think locals rate this place so high.
Go girls!!!
For asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.
Old school meets New world.
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
This is probably one of my new favorite places.
For being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, I do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.
This restaurant is such a great place.
I've been several times and am totally smitten.
Terrible experience.
I love the place.
Will have to return to try the chocolate!
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
this one is definintely my least favorite.
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.
Everytime my husband and I go there, we are never disappointed.
We were not disappointed.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.
Okay, so I never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown.
Never fails to please.
Will absolutely visit again.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC.
we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!
Went to Village last night for my birthday.
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
Would NEVER go back there.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
Be careful, when they say spicy, they mean it!
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).
Bring your appetites.
Seriously, this place kicks ass.
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
I've been here twice now.
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
However, I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.
I will be returning.
Nice place though.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.
But WARNING: to all those that use this site be weary, be very weary of recommendations.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
Try it side by side and there's no comparison.
So sorry I can't rate this better.
Buon appetito!
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
Ok, for all of us growing up in the Village of NYC, we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants, most of which stay open very late.
I would highly recommend it.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
Finally, after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic...
Went last Thursday.
I love this place more and more everytime i go.
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
We went to Ino for Valentines.
He always says, I don't have customers.
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
Good for dates or with friends.
We had a good time.
Based on the reviews on here, it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM.
Came looking for this place because I heard good things.
I live on the street this place is on.
Horrible.
Its worth the wait though.
What an amazing meal and experience!
Nothing special about this place.
and never strayed.
Leave the kids at home!
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
Just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants.
Big thumbs up!
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
That's why you have to pay more for that.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
I loved it.
They're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing, Queens.
but I wouldn't wanna live there.
Arigato Gozimas Yuka!
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn.
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli.
I would highly recommend this place!
Thank You Emilio.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
Off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants.
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
The food was just OK, I would never go back.
I can't wait for the nex time.
Great neighborhood joint.
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.
I take all my NYC guests to VT's.
Even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
I LOVED THE SHOWS.
and i have been around the block, to say the very least.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.
Give it a try and enjoy.
...and that's saying a lot.
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.
if your into thai..you cannot miss this great restaurant.
Going to Ballato's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen, an absolute delight!
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed.
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong, it actually means Great Prosperity.
I have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
Unbelievable.
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
I've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens.
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling.
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
Now at the top of our list, Del Frisco's Steakhouse.
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again, I will certainly stop by.
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
In fact, you can't miss it.
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown.
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago.
I don't get it, what's so special about Prune ?
I'd definitely recommend this little place.
Again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more!
Get it together.
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
Enjoy!!!
Kudos to Po!
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended.
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday.
Never again!
For Park avenue I expected so much more.
So rude.
There are much better places in NY with better prices.
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
I plan on stopping by next week as well.
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
Highly recommended to all!
highly recommended.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
After a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
Bravissimo !!
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch!
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back, in a veyr good sense.
This is the Cheers of New York, whether you've ever been there or not.
It's to die for!
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
I've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times, when I have been in the neighborhood.
You will be satisfied.
Another great place to take out-of-towners!
But, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria.
We were less than impressed.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
but still my date was bad
Would definitely go back again.
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
Overall a worthwhile experience.
It's really a takeaway place, I wouldn't sit if I could take it home.
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!
I had a great experience.
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan, I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray's.
Go for it!
Highly recommended.
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.
To speak of the Park Side, words can not describe.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share.
Overall I was impressed and will return, it's a great QPR (Quality to Price Ratio).
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience.
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
I was wrong.
No plans to return anytime soon.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about.
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
For an untrendy rip-off- eat here.
I can't wait to go back.
I HATE HATE HATE this place.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
Wonderful!
Go hungry and enjoy.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
All I can say is WOW!
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!
wont come back again for sure!
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
Bon appettite!!
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
A great addition to Smith Street: finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots.
We spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.
It is simply amazing.
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return.
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
Bravo, Blue Hill!
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village.
This place is to be avoided.
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.
At 6:30, we were the third party there.
I will definetly be going back.
No, really.
I've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice.
I'm saving up for my next visit.
Amma is nothing special.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
Worth it for a special occasion, or any time!
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady.
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike, a great name for a joint if ever I saw one.
Been there, done that, and New York, it's not that big a deal.
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays!
from an English speaking staff.
A defitely must visit.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
My friends and I showed up on a Sat.
great experience overall.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
(I've ordered from the 2nd ave.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
Just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular.
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.
I definitely will go back.
Having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot.
I've never been disappointed.
From the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening, I don't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area.
But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out.
I've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times, but more often I order delivery.
Beautiful experience.
If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.
Jimmy is Dominican!
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz's Deli down on the Lower East Side.
This is also where I was from.
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.
Joe's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.
I have never had anything like it!
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.
I am Indian, and I have tried many Indian places in NY.
On a recent Saturday night, I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar.
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST.
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
Too bad Latin Quarters closed.
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently.
I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside, she recommended that we go to this restaurant.
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
Kudos Haru
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
I plan on eating here more often.
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
and we were thouroughly disapointed.
This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
You guys are awesome!
I loved this place!!
Avoid at all costs.
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
i would just ask for no oil next time.
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
I really didn't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of Grand Central.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Perhaps it was an off night, but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.
Restaurant snobs need not bother, this is a small, neighborhood kind of place.
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
And I've been to many NYC delis.
This place is always packed.
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.
All in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now, its official !
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.
I would go back.
Definitely will be back!
I'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.
they live up to the thai way of living.
I live nearby and when they first opened, I ate there a lot.
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
We were exploring Grand Central and didn't want to eat in the food court.
We left after one drink.
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.
I've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I've never been disappointed.
Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day.
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
It was raining, and we figured why not?
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood.
This time, I prefer not to go into detail.
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy's restaurants to friends, I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but.
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
As a long-time patron of Mamoun's, I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city.
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores.
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
It was a very nice surprise.
I am French and I really felt like home!!!
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
It's usually packed for good reason, esp.
I love going there!
I cannot recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself.
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
But trust me it is so worth it.
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge.
THe perfect spot.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
I loved it and would go again.
SO SO SO SO SO good!
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.
Very good value
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
Everything a NY pizza joint should be.
We go often.
moral stay away.
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!
They're terrific!!
They outshine HH.
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
Just wish they'd expand.
keep up the good work.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
great eats, good times.
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx.
I will go back to Suan soon!
Loved it!
We were pleasantly surprised.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
Will give it another chance before I write it off.
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
If you live in Upper Manhattan, Siam Square is THE place for Thia food.
Stay away from this place.
Brava La Pizza Fresca!
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
If just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.
I go back in line like three times on average until I can't walk anymore.
Bleecker St Pizza is the best!
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY.
Faan is sooo good.
No you're going to go back because the food was good.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
I will not be coming here at 3am again.
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.
Nice find.
Amazing!
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city, but any time that we  visit a restaurant other than Roth's we are always disappointed.
There is nothing more pleasant than that.
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
This is a true gem of the village.
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
A wonderful place!
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it.
I'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.
Maybe tomorrow ;-)
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
please don't fool us.
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you, or with the local union worker on the other side.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
really depends on your luck!
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine's dinner.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
Very different than regular dimsum places.
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at 'Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.
I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis.
for Meetball Night.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
Want to impress?
We've lived in the area for more than 8 years.
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
I grew up on these bagels.
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.
A one women show!
You can't go wrong here.
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES.
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.
I thought this place was totally overrated.
You won't find that anywhere in Manhattan.
How do you rate home?
I went here in the afternoon with a friend.
I guess the way my friends and I described it was The French Colonies.
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.
Boy was I wrong!
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.
Ahhh...
Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.
it helps if you know what to order.
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
But that is highly forgivable.
When we arrived at 6:00 PM, the restaurant was practically empty.
I am going to the mid town location next.
I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings.
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great.
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON.
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE.
have always had a great time here.
You will be very happy with the experience.
I absolutely suggest this place.
Overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been.
We love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.
If you' re in New York, you do not want to miss this place.
I've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, Peasant has been our favorite!
The whole experience was satisfying.
However, it was worth the visit.
If you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.
On the recommendation of a friend, I checked out Arezzo with my wife.
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years.
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.
From the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best I've eaten so far.
Not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.
An excellent choice in midtown.
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it!
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.
Everything about this place was wonderful.
Curioni's Pizza has been around since the 1920's.
I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year.
You won't be dissapointed.
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!
since the first time I came here I've been hooked.
People in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.
in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
Nick Stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald's Square check it out!
Have to tell you: Not at all impressed.
How have I never been to Agave before?
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES.
A nice find in the neighborhood.
This place is Italian, not French.
After so many great reviews here, my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite.
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou.
Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!
My husband and I had a blast.
personally i say save your money.
Believe me, they live up to the name.
They are by far the BEST past in New York.
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.
You'll see a lot of people eating there after church.
I've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block.
It's the kind of place I like to support!
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.
Would not recommend anyone to go.
We loved it and will go back!
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.
We'll definitly be back again!
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city.
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA, but few out here.
Horrible experience - stay away!
If this restaurant was in Manhattan, I would definitely go more often.
One of my Fav spots in the city.
Over priced, overrated....stay away!
Do not go to this restaurant.
since i was in the neighborhood, we made sure to give this a try.
All I can say is they are fantastic.
I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.
Definitely something to come down and check out.
Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
I went for restaurant week.
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater.
I went there with a few friends and will return.
This place has been around for a few years.
I highly recommend this restaurant!!
You will find everything about Trio to your liking!
This place was the worst.
I ordered from here last week.
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines.
Having moved I truly miss this place.
SUM IT: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.
I started going to dosa hut more after that.
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant.
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall.
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful.
My personal favorite is Nick and Joe's.
Unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport.
I would definitely come back to this restaurant.
The place just isn't ready for prime time.
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC.
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.
We didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?
great neighbhorhood spot.
Bobb V's is a great place to take your Friends and Family!
Here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you.
This is a real gem of a place.
I think this a a wonderful place.
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch.
This place doesn't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does, but it should.
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter doesn't mean we should be automatically impressed.
Like I said, Nick and Joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.
DON'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE.
It's cute and simple and I loved it.
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise.
There are many french bistros in the midtown area, and I wholheartedly recommend this one.
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.
Being a vegan myself, I've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan--and Zen Palate is easily my favorite.
Don Pedro's is one of my favorite restaurants.
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants.
Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective.
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.
You will not be missing anything.
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA.
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square, which is a shame since I don't love this area.
This place is average... at best.
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.
I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself.
After reading the great reviews, I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE.
Feels like family when we go there.
What a pleasant surprise!
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town, Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination.
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.
The ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
I'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away...been going there on and off for a year now and it's really my fave hang out in the city.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.
Don't waste your time or your money.
it was a very warm experience.
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.
It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).
It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!
perfect for a quick meal.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
Good for a quick sushi lunch.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here.
We'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night.
SUM IT: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area.
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .
Great restaurant, and even greater food!
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice.
went there last night with my coworker.
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!
I would not recommend MEET at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!
Went there for a special celebration.
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
OK, I've been to Dumont a few times now.
Maybe it's that most of Dumont's patrons are younger and have lower expectations, but I cannot recommend Dumont.
I've been to Sotto Voce several time, and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York.
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!
I read about this place in Time Out magazine.
It's a great find in Astoria.
It's always quiet because it's awful.
I have to say the place was awesome.
The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
I didn't go there for food so I can't comment.
My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.
Bring your date and a bottle of wine!
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.
Don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
If you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.
It's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.
Before the place didn't call my attention.
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here.
I don't remember what we had; nothing was memorable.
Every time I visit NYC, I come here.
I've been coming here regularly since it opened, about 2 years ago.
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!
I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
Obviously run by folks who know a pie.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
I've never been treated so rudely.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.
You are treated just like royality.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
Last time I went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
All conveniently delivered right to the door.
Okay service.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
The service is awful.
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes.
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
Very good service and very good prices.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
The most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
And it was quick which is very important.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
Staff is very accomodating.
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
Quick and friendly service.
Delivery is fast too.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.
The food is great, service is ok.
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.
The service was attentive.
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.
Service has always been friendly and efficient.
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
May, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
Emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
While I'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
Why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it!
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
The staff is no nonsense.
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
Saturday, Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
The waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
He takes real pride in his food and his business.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
There are other people waiting!
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat.
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
Service is top notch.
Service was quick.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!
Has the chef and owner changed???
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
Delivery service is great too.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
If you go to Roth's try to be served by Mike, he is GREAT!!
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
The only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
Great food, great prices, great service.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...
A very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
Murray won't do it.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
Worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.
NO more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.
People are always friendly.
Service was prompt and courteous.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
We were a group of 8 and well seved.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
The staff is also attentive and friendly.
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
Once you become a regular, you are treated as one.
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family.
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
They brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.
Everyone is welcomed in as family.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.
Great staff.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
Drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.
And the staff is also young, energeic and hot!!!!
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.
We were pleasantly greeted.
Great service, great food.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.
Good, fast service.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).
The service was ok.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
The staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
less wait time for me!
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
Service is average.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
They all know you.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
service was efficient courteous.
We had the most wonderful waitress.
The staff is courteous and friendly.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
Service was very good and warm.
Like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
We've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
Also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
The staff has always been attentive and kind, and I've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
It's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
Again, the waitress was awesome.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
Always great service!
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
An excellent service
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
They are FAST.
I've waited over one hour for food.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
Then, IF they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!
You have to increase the service a lot.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
(and I have eaten my share) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
The wine the service was very good too.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
Sure enough, exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly.
Service was very friendly.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
The staff offers impeccable service.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
Fast service.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
Service is fast and friendly.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
The service is ok but could be better.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
Nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
Waitstaff is great, very attentive.
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
The service was superb, they treat you like family.
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
The well mannered, pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ.
The counter service is bad.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
The service is fantastic.
Food and service was okay.
Over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
The waiter was attentive.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
They're also friendlier here, especially the owner, Kenny.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
Service- friendly and attentive.
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
Great food, great decor, great service.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
They never came back to refill our glasses again.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Service was also very good.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
but the service was a bit slow.
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
The service was great as well.
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you, brother?
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
The food was great and the service was even better.
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff.
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
When we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
I've always been seated propmtly.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
They treat me like family, morning and night.
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.
We were then shooed inside.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15.
Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.
The service was typical short-order, dinner type.
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
Our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
The staff should be a bit more friendly.
Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
The Management was less than accomodating.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
The staff is very sharp and they look good too.
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.
The service we experienced was friendly and good.
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.
The staff is very friendly.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.
Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant.
And as SOON as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
However, the service is absolutely horrible.
A con was the slow bar service.
BTW, the service is very good .
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS.
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
The service was outstanding.
The service is pretty good.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
The food is very good and the service is great.
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us.
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
Service is usually pretty good.
Host and Hostess was quite rude.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
the service is prompt friendly.
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
How can hope to stay in business with service like this?
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
When she complained, the waitress said, Sorry.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.
The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
We went there, no one greeted us.
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz?
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.
The wait staff was very attentive and polite.
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
The service was very attentive and very generous.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. 
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie.
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.
Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
Anyway, the owner was fake.
Owner is pleasant and entertaining.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
