10 plus hours of battery...
The battery has never worked well.
I don't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it's perfect for me.
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
Has a 5-6 hour battery life.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
The battery is really long.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
great battery life.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
It's fast and has excellent battery life.
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSEN'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
The battery life seems to be very good, and have had no issues with it.
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since.
Battery life needs more life.
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in.
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
Needs longer lasting battery, More than 1 to 2 Hrs.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it, so i'm thrilled with that.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
I couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life.
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.
Very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).
The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it's a lie.
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it.
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
Enabling the battery timer is useless.
The "Time remaining" goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes.
It's so bad that I'm thinking I only got half a battery or something.
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like.
If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.
It is light and the battery last a very long time.
Another issue I have with it is the battery.
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden.
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when I click on it it says: " Consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.
They only stay charged a little over an hour.
Laptops are usually used on the go, so why not give you a better battery?
The only thing is that the battery won't last more than 1/2 an hour.
It discharges too quickly.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
Screen is awesome, battery life is good.
The battery life is probably an hour at best.
Also, the battery does not last very long at all.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...
10 hours of battery life is really something else....
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.
Great battery, speed, display.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
It gives me everything I need from a computer and with the long lasting battery, it also gives me mobility.
Battery could be better but it has robust processor and plenty of RAM so that is a trade off I suppose.
awesome price for a laptop that lasts more than 8 hours without recharging!
The battery will get you from LA to NY no problem.
The battery life is good, even with using high profile software like Sibelius 7 for a good half of the day.
Battery life is astonishing given the processing power and high resolution display.
I can easily get 10 hours out of a full charge.
The battery life is a joke and it's causing other problems.
This things run smoothly for its price, and the battery life seems to go on forever.
Battery doesn't last long web browsing (2.5 hours maybe).
Internet is fast and reliable, battery life lasts a long time.
The battery is pretty soild.
It lasts up to 5-6 hours with normal use.
The battery seems adequate for most uses ~ 4.5 hour use/charge.
Good battery life as well.
Its fast, powerful, screen display is top notch and the battery life is excellent for a laptop of this size.
Battery life is above average, and it charges quickly.
The PC is works well with a good battery and a power cable, and has a web cam.
But now I am having battery problems.
Great battery life.
Good battery life.
Battery life is great - though it is new.
Even the battery life is like WOW!
It contains a long battery life, incredible specs, and an overall enjoyable performance.
I'm not sure if it was covered in the description, but it does have a backlit keyboard and I'm getting about an 8 hour battery life on one charge (Except I don't use this for games or videos, which obviously would drain the battery faster).
Battery Life- My battery life is really good with this laptop and I have had no problems with it thus far.
I can usually go about 10 hours before I get down to 10% battery life.
It's also incredibly light, has a battery that can last for days, and looks like a piece of art.
It's light, fast and has great battery!!
The battery life has increased from the last version from 4 hours to 7 hours, making it easy for college students to study for extended periods of time without needing a charger.
o It has an extended battery life.
Battery doesn't hold up to what it said in the description but I got it refurb'd and I imagine they swapped out the battery to help cover the costs on the reduced price (Just a guess).
The batter lasts as long as claimed.
I get about 5 or so hours playing the sims.
I haven't really officially tested it yet, but it's a long time.
I hate plugging my laptop in because I don't want to leave it on too long and hurt the battery, but with this laptop I rarely have to charge it.
What it does have is great reliability on the software side and hardware side, Apple's OSX Mountain Lion, the sleek looks Apple always delivers, reasonable specs, good battery life, nice keyboard, and excellent trackpad.
Other than that battery issue and the battery life does not last too long, I'm pretty happy with the computer.
After a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.
And, if you are going to deal with HP be careful.
In my house, HP is a nasty word.
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase!
I do not recommend this company or their products!!!!
I am loyal to Apple.
So if anyones looking to buy a computer or laptop you should stay far far away from any that have the name TOSHIBA on it...
And Toshiba is a quality supplier.
Toshiba is a great brand, even though I haven't had it for a long time, I am very happy with it!
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts.
Will not buy another Toshiba, this is my second, not happy w/ either.
I love the Apple products.
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba?
I'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba.
Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product.
I will never purchase a HP again ever.
Let's just get this out of the way, I love Apple!
Summary: Dont buy HP.
If you buy, pray you dont have major prolems.
I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6".
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS.
tosiba has a good reputation, my llast computer was an acer.
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba!
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks, and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter.
I'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up.
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba.
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA!
If I had to buy another computer, I would most definetly buy an acer one computer.
The track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking Apple!
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience!
Thank you for your great product!
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac!
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years, and never a issue.
But if you can't make your product last more than a year, you will not get my business again.
I'v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.
I honestly love my mac, thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict.
They definitely have a superior product!
My next laptop will also be a Mac!
I will only buy apple laptops from now on.
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought.
I will never buy anything from HP again!
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this "never" happen...
I'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the 'old' way - and Apple does, indeed, have the better idea.
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.
Will probably never buy a HP again.
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin (it happened 7 months ago) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig (you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich, offer a loyal customer like me, a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this).
Steve Jobs, probably needs help and donations, and cannot afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby.
The lesson learned here is: It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand, since all of them are there to simply  to make as much money as possible, as fast as they can, and in this day and age, the customer no longer is right all the times.
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS!!!
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.
It's great and we will always stick with Apple computers, we have been so happy with them.
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop!
I don't like this company nor the toshiba brand, and I'll never  buy another one because I've put more into it then it is worth.
I would  rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that  isn't good at all.
i cant believe HP put this out.
I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails.
You will regret it if you buy any dell.
Dell sucks
In short I would never buy a Compaq again.
Sorry Toshiba, but 1st impressions do count for something.
My house is now 100% Macbook.
Guess I'll stay away from HP.
No hardware issues, as is common with any Apple product.
Do not buy a mac until this issue is resolved.
Avoid Acer.
Great laptop from Apple!
Apple is unrivaled in terms of build quality and functionality.
Seriously, save yourself the hassle and purchase from a different company.
Used to love HP products, but this has soured me on the whole company.
One really nice thing about Lenovo laptops is that they are not cluttered with a bunch or trial software.
I will be considering Lenovo for all future laptop purchases.
I have had Dell Desktops for years, so had no qualms about buying a Dell laptop.
I've always sworn by dell.
It seems like Lenovo also makes weird choices about which side to put the powercord and other slots on.
Dell claims they test each key with thousands of mechanical key strokes.
I would love to keep this laptop, but will be sending it back and looking for a different brand.
No Lenovo for me.
I will never buy another Lenovo anything!
Retina screen, solid build quality, weight, fast processor and the reliability of the Apple brand.
Glad I did so far.
I tried not to jump on the Apple bandwagon, but... you're just living in denial if you don't.
Happy buying!
etc. but the company and seller lied to you and try to make an extra buck!
Thank you asus.(they don't deserve to be capitalized)
Very great Apple product as expected.
how could you not love a Mac
To a prospective buyer,  08/10/2012  Once you go Mac, you'll never go back.
Here is my take on all of this, the business model Apple pushes right now is to get some cheap junk from China, hire a bunch of cheerleaders straight out of high school, call them geniuses, and bully everybody who complains about their product.
Steve Jobs is dead, so is Apple.
No more Apple devices in my household.
Please Google 'MacBook battery bulge explode' before you buy your next Apple toy.
That's the only issue I've ever had since working on Macs in 1995.
That's a pretty impressive track record don't you think?
But Sony doesn't seem to have addressed it.
But, hey, it's an Apple.
I wouldn't expect anything less!
If it was possible to give them 0 start, I would have done it.
this company just wants customers' money in their pocket.
they dont care how you feel when they charge you hundreds of hard earned dollars.
I wish this company to go bust.
I will never ever buy any apple product in my life.
They really know what they are doing.
If you dont like windows I would suggest trying a Mac.
The investment is worth it.
Not impressed with Macintosh products.
In fact I am completely frustrated.
I had delusions of grandeur regarding Apple's &amp;#34;great customer service&amp;#34; and the &amp;#34;reliability of their machines&amp;#34; etc.. etc...blah...blah...
I'm sure most people's Macbooks work just fine, but FYI, if you get the factory dud, you're stuck with it and no one at Apple cares or will give a hoot about the money you threw away.
Otherwise I am happily a  Mac user.
But Apple does not pretend it has any of these.
So, I'm cooled on Mac buys.
I think it may have to be 'Apple Don't Care' instead of Apple Care.
I can't believe people like these computers.
Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.
Then there was a power cord recall....HP never notified us.....and we did register......never again.
I don't have the inclination or time to devote to a companies tech support, search functions, or hold times.....dropped the HP and never looked back.
I really like Mac/Apple products because of their operating system.
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
It's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks.
Easy to carry, can be taken anywhere, can be hooked up to printers,headsets.
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived.
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly.
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
I have found also, it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access; without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so.
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere.
The WiFi is very weak.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.
Great wifi too.
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily.
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it.
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
Its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
The internet speed is spectacular.
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
Needless to say a PC that can't support a cell phone is less than useless!
I can't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print.
Web access through the 3G network is so slow, it's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING.
After purchasing this thing, I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera, and that it cannot be purchased at the store - only on line.
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi.
It takes a long time to get on the Web and to change Web Sites.
Below average on the w-fi adapter which I'm still trying to get to the bottom of.
No ethernet outlet
but it doesn't have a cd unit, anyway the other thing is that the laptop does not have an ethernet port for cable connecting.
just wifi....
External monitor worked easily.
This laptop does NOT have an RJ-45 Ethernet adapter for wired network connection.
I can't put a protector to make presentation...
Internet is fast and reliable, battery life lasts a long time.
The touch screen response is fast and it picks up bluetooth and wifi FAST.
Also wish it had a port to plug an internet cord into it because sometimes my wifi router likes to not work.
Wifi card not working right out of the box.
However, it does not have a DVD drive, neither does it afford one the opportunity to connect an external DVD drive as the manufacturer did not make any point ofconnection of an external drive.
The build is perfect, the screen fantastic, but I do have a bit of a problem with the fact that I have to buy adaptors for nearly everything, from vga cables to ethernet cables, so, almost perfect...
I barely have any files or downloads and its almost impossible to get this thing to load.
It has everything I wanted-- built in Wi-Fi connectibility, a slot for my SD camera memory card, a DVD burner, big beautiful screen, plenty of USB ports (three 3.0 and one 2.0), and a keyboard with a nice touch.
I plugged it into my existing printers and it just worked, no fuss no muss.
It immediately recognized the printer and was ready to go.
The biggie though is the fact that it disconnects from the internet whenever if feels like it, even when the strength bar is filled.
Also, when you try to download a large file, like a video, it will start out normally, downloading at around 600kb/sec and over the course of a couple of minutes will slow waaaaaay down to around 20kb/sec, making a download of a couple minutes into several hours making it worthless.
Too often I would find it not being able to stay connected to the internet.
Never had any issues, no frustrations just great easy wireless, all in one fun!
The wireless keyboard (not bluetooth, but RF) did not pair up with the device.
It still did not pair.
I even ran it as Administrator -- still no effect.
I used the Ctrl-Esc keys while turning on, and still nothing.
I still can't pair it.
I hooked up a USB mouse and all is well.
The wireless adapter is strong and the SSD is fast.
Sometimes It stops receiving wifi signal, so I have to restart it.
The wifi rumor hasn't happened to me.
The wifi works great.
My HP seemed great at first, then the problems started.....wireless adapter would just &quot;disappear&quot; and the system said it didn't have a network card.
Sometimes it comes back, sometimes not.
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer wouldn't go onto our wireless network and I wouldn't have the same problems because it was updated.
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack, I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere.
My HP is very heavy.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
The unibody design is edgy and durable.
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect.
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!
It is easy to use and lightweight.
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop.
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.
Small and light weight.
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis.
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I've seen.
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.
Laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17".
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases.
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
Other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
Right size and weight for portability.
Otherwise, all other features are a 1
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks, and I am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook, does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses.
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6".
This computer I used daily nice compact design.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front.
Features like the font are very block-like and old school.
Would like more trendy, high tech features.
Came fully loaded - good.
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses!
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
It even has a great webcam, and Skype works very well.
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
It is made better, thicker, and all out tough!
That is my only complaint!
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine.
It is a bit heavy.
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.
This is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop.
It wouldn't fit in most 17-inch bags.
It also does not have bluetooth.
You'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
Im glad that it has such great features in it.
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.
i love to use it it is esay and light.
It is light and the battery last a very long time.
Plus stylish.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
So I'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority.
It is sleek, smooth, and lightweight.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.
wonderful features.
The price and features more than met my needs.
The feature are good enough for what I need.
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers.
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.
I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
The only bad part is the size/weight.
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!
It's color is even cool.
but after i got used to it i love it.
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
what an elegant, wonderful machine.
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me.
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed.
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.
It pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.
First, it does not have a push button to open the lid.
Once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.
I like this machine because its very lightweight...
tons of bloatware and junk programs.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
Strengths:Well-shaped
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).
The 4 USB ports are nice, but the two on the side only work now and then.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
It is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
Great laptop that offers many great features!
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful!
With all the goodies inside this machine, it is a value.
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work.
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.
Also, the sound quality from the speakers is crystal clear, and everything is just sleek and smooth.
No bloatware from third party parasites to uninstall.
Great PC, light and powerful.
Super light weight (I never cared either way about weight until now).
a bit ugly,but works good
I like the design rather sleek and light.
In the description it said there is Bluetooth but no there isn't.
It dosn't even have a disc compartment
No ethernet outlet
It's easy to operate and it's very light (my parents are almost 60 yo, they can't carry a heavy computer while traveling).
But here's something I hadn't realized before buying it: there isn't an optical drive, which means NO CDs or DVDs!
My mistake was to not research this one, no DVD and no place to insert my ad card to download pictures.
i'm very happy,this laptop is beatifull, is'nt slow at all.
but it doesn't have a cd unit, anyway the other thing is that the laptop does not have an ethernet port for cable connecting.
It is a thing of beauty and fast enough.
IT IS VERY LIGHT AND THE PICTURE IS NICE  AND THE PRICE WAS AMAZING.
NO junkware!!
Very light and beautiful.
Nice and light, seems to help your work instead of becoming work itself.
Perfect size for me.
It's light and easy to use, though.
The resolution is gorgeous, the computer is light, it does everything I need and the interface is pretty intuitive.
However I am very upset that it doesn't have the superdrive built in!
Con: Hate that it has no disk drive.
Wonderful, super fast, lightweight computer
Bigger screen than expected, laptop with a desktop design that is really nice to use for all types of usage, including programming/editing
One of the very few laptops still available with Win 7 Pro, multiple USB ports, and a DVD read/write drive.
Only drawback is no LED to show when the hard drive is being accessed.
Not a necessity, but something I've come to expect.
Size is perfect and display is beautiful!
This laptop does NOT have an RJ-45 Ethernet adapter for wired network connection.
was not aware it did not have a disk drive when i bought it or i would not of purchased it.
its very fast and very light.
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing
B) a DVD/CD player.
It has some bloat wear that I wish weren't there.
kinda to light and plastic feeling.
Look and feel is good.
Bootup time is amazing, battery life is decent and it has a great slim form factor.
Its also worth noting that there no bluetooth, no mircophone jack, no ethernet, no dvd/cd drive/burner, and no usb 3.0 ports.
The only major negative to me is Windows 8.1 (though YMMV) and the Dell crapware installed.
I needed an inexpensive laptop to do basic office work on that was lightweight and this fits the bill just fine.
My favorite colors black and red, the matte material and the red backlight of the keyboard.
The laptop is beautiful, not extremely light but thin enough and wide screen with a full keyboard.
Great laptop light and very versatile
Only downfall is the preloaded McAfee and other software.
Device is light weight, quiet during operation and produces little to no heat.
Just wish there were more USB ports.
LOVE THE SIZE, I AM USING THIS FOR WORK, I AM A NURSE AND HAVE TO CHART DAILY, THIS IS EASY TO USE AND I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT.
It's extremely light weight and slim because of the lack of an optical drive (who uses those anymore anyways) so it easily fits into any college students bag.
I thought it would have a CD-rom drive, but there isnt one.
Also wish it had a port to plug an internet cord into it because sometimes my wifi router likes to not work.
Slick design and looks great.
Glad it has the DVD drive.
My only concern is that since the battery is not external, I will not be able to change it out once it starts not to hold a good charge over a length of time.
And the only microphone input is for a combo Mike/Speaker plug.
One really nice thing about Lenovo laptops is that they are not cluttered with a bunch or trial software.
The desktop was clean once I got it up and running.
I really like the video option on it, I stream movies on Amazon Prime and Netflix and there is no lag.
The PC is works well with a good battery and a power cable, and has a web cam.
However, it does not have a DVD drive, neither does it afford one the opportunity to connect an external DVD drive as the manufacturer did not make any point ofconnection of an external drive.
Even my extremely tech savvy boyfriend was impressed with the features and sleek design.
6.Still feels too heavy to me.
Could lose another pound or two.
So with this new order, all the upgrades and windows 8 really caught my eye and I got this for the long haul.
It seems like Lenovo also makes weird choices about which side to put the powercord and other slots on.
The cords always feel like they are in my way.
It's clunky, heavy, and a pain to start up and shut down.
Uhhhhhh, the computer looks good.
Looks good , well built, and very good speed.
It has everything I wanted-- built in Wi-Fi connectibility, a slot for my SD camera memory card, a DVD burner, big beautiful screen, plenty of USB ports (three 3.0 and one 2.0), and a keyboard with a nice touch.
I liked the fact that it came with Windows 7, but also included Windows 8 to install later if I need it.
The screen is good, the whole things is very light and doesn't run hot.
Firstly, it has no leds to let you know what is going on, no cap lock, no hard drive indicator, nothing.
Ok, one light to let you know if the damn thing is on.
Retina screen, solid build quality, weight, fast processor and the reliability of the Apple brand.
The first thing I can say for positive is that the laptop is very light- makes it really portable..this with a relatively clear screen is a bonus.
After doing much research for a laptop that had all the features I was looking for, This one hit all the criteria I had.
I bought this for my daughter to use for school and homework, it's not a "fast" computer, but it's great for what she needs it for and very light weight!
Really light you can carry with you everywhere.
You can't get any better than this price and it come with an internal disk drive.
I also really like the addition of the SD Card slot.
If you are afraid of it not having a disc player please don't be.
I love the new high retina display, and because this computer lacks a disc player it makes it significantly lighter.
Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.
And he said&quot; this computer does not have a disk drive and I was furious!
So beware buyer, this computer has a useless piece of plastic on it.
This is larger laptop, but is not too heavy.
However, a few things are immediately occurring to me  I had read the other reviews here on amazon, but decided the specs and appearance looked good enough to go ahead.
It certainly looks nice, but that nice dark blue top is a fingerprint magnet as others have pointed out.
It's heavy.
It contains a long battery life, incredible specs, and an overall enjoyable performance.
love the flip feature and the touch screen feature.
this lap top is not the lightest you can purchase, so if that is important to you maybe you should shop some more.
You will probably never use it in tablet mode but it's nice to know you have that option.
Lastly, because it can flip 360 you can comfortably lay down in bed and have the keyboard facing down as you watch a show closer without having to adjust your sitting position for the keyboard.
This MBP is clean, neat, and simple.
Only 2 USB ports.
No HDMI port.
It also has an extra bay for an extra HDD if you wish to add one.
- It's lightweight and easy to carry around.
- It looks sleek and gorgeous.
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable.
The magnetic lid and charger is cool and battery indicator on the side is cool.
The mac is light and so compact I thought I would regret not buying a retina display, not in the least The mac pro works just fine.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.
This machine is flawless, fast, and classy.
2-in-1 Capability- The ease of switching this laptop into a tablet is a huge plus.
The Cons:  No Disc Drive- Call me old fashioned, but I still enjoy listening to physical CDs and uploading them to iTunes.
However, I can no longer do this because this laptop does not contain a disc drive.
The touchscreen and 2-in-1 capability is a huge bonus and it is really easy to carry around to your classes.
It's also incredibly light, has a battery that can last for days, and looks like a piece of art.
Though, that's pretty much what your paying for -- a well designed device.
When you look at the internal specs, the computer is only worth about $500.
It mixes a great balance between the spec that are needed and what you don't need.
Pros :  1. Nice Looks.
5. And this has a extra slot for HDD
6. No CD drive.
This ASUS you're looking at right here, and that I'm typing on right now, has one.
-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:
This laptop has no:  - Touchscreen  - Optical Drives (OK, a bit of a stretch, because that would eat up precious space in this monster)  - Swivel or detachable screen
What this laptop does have is:  - Windows 8, which is confusing as all get-out  - Tons of &amp;#34;bloatware&amp;#34;.
Love the 360 degree rotation and the touch screen works great, but a little bit of a learning curve there too, as sometimes I have to tap a few times to get the exact location I need...
I've only had this for a week Overall I like the computer, it's thin &amp; light and The wireless keyboard works great.
I was impressed; Sony puts in small touches like a USB charging port on the charger.
One thing I did't like is the stylus holder, it's cheap plastic and doesn't seem to be well thought out because it gets installed on the cover for the USB port.
It's light, fast and has great battery!!
It's a steal when considering the specs and performance as well.
The unique to apple aluminium uni-body is a real beauty.
By the way, it comes with apps and hardware that can already support what I had just listed.
If you are looking for a light, durable, and extremely effecient laptop, buy this one!
Like it was designed for what people would want to the system to do, very user-friendly.
Its simplicity is one of the things that makes it so great, aside from its quality design and sexy looks.
Also, the laptop is quite, no more burnt laps, best screen display, and small additions like backlit keyboard wins your heart over.
The new operating system called Snow Leopard is installed and ready for use
Reliability: Throughout the past few years, I have had no problems with the MacBook Pro regarding the processing system or any design flaws.
The processing system is already downloaded and the applications are very user friendly.
My first laptop ever and it is a flips into a tablet mode also, brilliant.
Plenty of ports and since this is my first laptop, I really don't have anything to compare it to.
Note: no DVD drive, no Ethernet port
Power on - good luck finding it.
One OS for this platform, no OEM OS paraphernalia and automatic updates.
What it does have is great reliability on the software side and hardware side, Apple's OSX Mountain Lion, the sleek looks Apple always delivers, reasonable specs, good battery life, nice keyboard, and excellent trackpad.
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.
I was not aware that this product cannot display websites that contain Flash.
This computer is absolutely AMAZING!!!
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run.
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it.
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it.
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper.
So, you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item.
I would  say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful.
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook, I have been very pleased with it, I have a laptob and a desktop.
I have not have any problems.
The Notebook PC,Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me.
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone.
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this!
It can't get any better.
Waited on getting this computer, but it has been a great change.
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
I bought it for really cheap also and it's AMAZING.
I'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same.
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.
I'm glad I bought this laptop, it was worth the few ($100) extra dollars.
I'm very happy with this machine!
I don't really have a complaint.
Perfect trifecta!
I would recommend this product.
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase!
So far, a great product.
it is the worst computer dell ever made.
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one.
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!
I am very Happy!
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value.
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box!
Buyer Beware.
*IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP, THIS IS NOT IT!
But, for the cost this is a winner.
I absolutely love my mac!
I can't imagine my life without it anymore!
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I've ever bought.
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare.
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait.
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.
It is amazing.
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.
Was very much worth the price i paid.
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
Do not  buy it!
It is the worst laptop ever
i love ths notebook.
I have loved this since i took it out of the box.
I like it!
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis.
Needless to say, not to happy with the product.
This is a great machine!
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made.
Am very glad I bought it, great netbook, low price.
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!
If you're not wanting to be mobile, this is a good laptop to sit on a desk.
I just got this laptop for college, and so far I am very happy with it.
I love this little one.
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars.
Very happy.
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.
HELP, HELP, OTHER THAN THAT GETS A GREAT LITTLE WONDER.
Love it.
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased.
It was over rated!
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase.
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!
Toshiba is a great brand, even though I haven't had it for a long time, I am very happy with it!
I've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye'd the computer when I took it out of my bag.
I like the laptop overall.
This is a great little computer for the price.
I'm very impressed.
It is everything that I would want in a computer.
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.
I enjoy very much my new Toshiba, purchased specifially for attending online schooling.
I am very pleased with my purchase!
This laptop serves all my needs.
Great product.
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.
It's a great product for a great price!
Just what the doctor ordered.
I cannot be happier with the service or product.
Summary: Spend your money elsewhere
Love it so far.
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.
Otherwise, I love it!
It Was a great deal after all.
I LOVE it!
I should have bought one a long time ago.
I've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks, and it really is a great computer.
Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.
Bottom line, I doubt you'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine.
Yes, I thought the expese was a little much, but I now realize you get what you pay for.
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.
Money and time well spent!
Highly recommended!
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
So glad I decided to upgrade!
Will not buy another Toshiba, this is my second, not happy w/ either.
The Toshiba Mini Notebook, Model NB 305-N410BL, is a great little computer.
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba?
All I can say is W-O-W.
This laptop is insane!!!
This is definitely a computer worth the money;
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
Obviously, this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way.
DEFINITELY recommended!!!
Not a bad laptop, it's a bit slow, but gets the job done.
But the Macbook is the best!
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.
This laptop does everything I need it to very well.
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase.
Great, quick laptop for the money.
I love everything about it.
This mac is great!
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT.
Just don't waste your time and money on this.
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one, but IMO NO STARS
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro.
Now they are believers in the product.
This little netboook is helping me get work done!
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook, does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses.
So far, so good!
This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop.
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6".
But, I would recommend this product.
Satisfy what I paid for it.
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.
All in all great item highly recommend it.
i would have to say that overall its great!
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into
Overall for the money this is a good deal.
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend.
returned it to walmart.
Its a good laptop for its value.
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.
Simply amazing computer!!
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.
There is nothing to complain about the system.
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7.
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need.
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts...
another satisfied customer.
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made.
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers.
Overall, this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase!
I would definitely suggest this laptop!
This computer was awful!
This computer was awful, I would never recomend it to another person.
Those moments in thime where you want to throw something against the wall?
Yeah, I wanted to throw that lap top out the window and light it on fire.
That's how frustrating it was.
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.
The new Macbook Pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing.
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE----BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY.
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER--------LOU
This is a great value for the money.
This is a great computer.
We haven't had any problems with it at all.
Overall though, for the money spent it's a great deal.
But let me tell you, the mac book pro is so professional.
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
Oh, it is such a great piece of equipment.
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.
this is starting off good.
What a great little laptop.
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba!
Excellent product for the money.
No problems, no lock ups, no disappointments.
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.
Never had a single problem, and don't have to worry about viruses.
Worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment.
Right out of the box, this little netbook did everything I asked of it, including streaming the everyday video you're bound to encounter checking mail and websites (my biggest complaint previously).
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks, and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them.
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter.
It has served my needs quite nicely for the most part.
Let me start with the good:So awesome.
This one has had the same effect.
If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
So, buyers beware!
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba.
I just love this lap top, I just wish it were all silver or they had all black.
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO!
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it!
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie!
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy.
Overall, still a very nice machine.
I'm pleased.
The acer one compuer is a great computer.
I didn't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice.
If I had to buy another computer, I would most definetly buy an acer one computer.
Heck, if I had enough ' money, I would but it as a gift for someone.
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.
Im very happy with this computer!
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
i love to use it it is esay and light.
i can use it for all of my needs.
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me.
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again.
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go.
From the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer!
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience!
From the start, when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine.
Let me tell you, this machine is great.
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one.
Ok, this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple.
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one.
I like it so much, I bought another just for my wife.
I am very happy with this laptop.
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it.
It is not even a year old yet, so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone.
Don't waste your money!
The laptop is gorgeous.
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky!!
Overall this laptop is great.
Save your money and go for a better device.
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!
I Love my new computer!
Thank you for your great product!
Kind of annoying, but I still love the laptop.
I bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since.
I love it so much.
GREAT INVESTMENT!
I love my macbook pro!
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it.
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac!
I dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing.
It doesnt work worth a damn.
There are so many things wrong with this product, it just makes me want to set my self on fire!
I am taking back today.
Don't waste your money or time.
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years, and never a issue.
I loved the netbook (minus the fact that it was windows OS) until this started happening.
I've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it!
I highly recommend this product!
So far so good with this laptop.
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!
I HATE this one.
Thinking about returning it
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop.
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it.
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action.
I honestly love my mac, thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict.
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised.
So far, so good.
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school, I had a hard time from beginning.
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned.
For me, five stars is not enough.
I love the 15" MacBook Pro.
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift, and i'm totally (almost kind of maybe definitely) obsessed with it.
All-in-all, I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone.
I love it!
They definitely have a superior product!
he can't stand it.
I can't begin to say how disappointed I am.
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer.
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the Macbook Pro.
It allows me to do everything I need from a computer and more.
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
I'd recommend this laptop to anyone!
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is  DESIGNED  to fail !
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac.
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could.
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment.
I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Good laptop for the money.
Its also FUN to use!
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
I am very happy I bought this Mac, well worth the extra money.
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more.
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.
My MacBook Pro is no exception.
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!
Shiny
This Laptop is the Best of the best!
The Awesomest of the awesomest.
It is so great, I can Hardly ever take my hands off it!
My friends are in awe every time they come over!
I got it for Christmas, and I was so excited to set it up!
I am just amazed.
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!
I don't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio.
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.
everything about a mac is wonderful, it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system, but you will learn fast and its all worth it.
5) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
what an elegant, wonderful machine.
I'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the 'old' way - and Apple does, indeed, have the better idea.
I really wish I had done this years ago.
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE.
I tell everyone that I know, friends, family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used.
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied.
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst.
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop.
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer.
I would recommend not buying this product.
I am stuck with a laptop that I cannot do very much with.
I hate it.
I have had the luxury (sarcasm) of owning 2 of these laptops.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
returned it.
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though.
This laptop leaves alot to be desired, I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice...
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal.
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from!
The perfect notebook...
I'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE.
I do everything on this computer - check email, facebook, shop, check blogs, write papers, listen to music, and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv.
So, if you're thinking of a laptop, I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook for all your needs!
It's great and we will always stick with Apple computers, we have been so happy with them.
Probbly the worst decision we ever made!
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
I hate to say this, but if I could take this back to the shop and get my money back, then I would.
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.
It's a bummer and one out of five is being kind.
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary.
In due course, I'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.
I highly recommend that you buy this product.
I Hate it!
I LOVE IT!
I can't say enough good for it!
It's A MAC!!
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66GHz 15" Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go.
it's just a great toy to have around.
Amazing machine.
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop!
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
I never have had a good result with this computer.
I don't like this company nor the toshiba brand, and I'll never  buy another one because I've put more into it then it is worth.
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund.
i cant believe HP put this out.
do not buy you will be disappointed.
i'm returning mine
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.
I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.
At first when I got this product, I loved it.
The computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.
Not worth it one bit.
Very disappointed!
Don't buy this model.
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
I'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC.
The benefits were immediate!
This laptop rocks (only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple doesn't support)!
I've saved a lot of time and headaches so far, using my new MacBook Pro.
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails.
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro!
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it!
We are addicted to the Mac.
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone.
Great laptop that offers many great features!
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
Buy it, love it, and I promise you won't regret it.
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!
I bought this laptop on Saturday and am completely in love with it!
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar.
With all the goodies inside this machine, it is a value.
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable.
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card, but still requires a return.
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it.
So this was great for me.
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems.
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it.
I look forward to years of use, it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well.
It's super fast and a great value for the price!
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one.
I initially purchased my Macbook Pro 13" in April, and I loved it.
I was so happy with my new Mac.
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.
My house is now 100% Macbook.
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be.
I really don't like it, but I am stuck.
VERY disappointing:
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC      When I first got this computer, it really rocked.
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made.
I love this computer.
Other than that I don't have one complaint in the world!
I purchased my Macbook Pro Retina from my school since I had a student discount, but I would gladly purchase it from Amazon for full price again if I had too.
The Retina is great, its amazingly fast when it boots up because of the SSD storage and the clarity of the screen is amazing as well.
Count me as extremely satisfied, it's a perfect computer.
I just bought this computer from the Apple Store, and I couldn't be more impressed with it.
This computer is good for anything, and it has really superseded my high expectations.
Great product, and couldn't be happier with it.
awesome laptop, i love it
I love my new ThinkPad!
It gives me everything I need from a computer and with the long lasting battery, it also gives me mobility.
It was a great purchase.
Great laptop.
Would purchase again.
A good value for the money.
Quite pleased with it.
I'm glad to have it and it showed up in only a few days.
It does everything I need.
When I saw this I grabbed it.
It has met all my needs.
Just what I expected.
I don't have any complains about this computer
Outstanding laptop and very well built.
One of the best thing i have bought in years.
Great PC, light and powerful.
Is just amazing.=)
Do not buy a mac until this issue is resolved.
WONDERFUL machine;
glad I bought it.
SUPER LAPTOP!!
Will probably get another one for my wife!
Fantastic for the price - just wish it the keys were illuminated.
If your on a budget.... Save up longer.
This laptop isn't worth a single cent.
Just save your money and get something better.
awesome!
It's not what you pay for.
I'm warning you, You're wasting your money on this
Love the computer.
Had to return the computer.
Would have exchanged instantly - but had to use as if for College immediately.
Unimpressed.
Terrific laptop.
The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is, I feel I have to reach so far to type on the key board.
Otherwise this is a great computer great prices.
Good product for a good price.
The Computer Is Horrible Its To Slow.
not a good computer at all.
We returned two days later.
Great price and computer!
They loved it.
Would not recommend.
Pretty good laptop.
i'm very happy,this laptop is beatifull, is'nt slow at all.
the screen is big, and everything was as described
Amazing computer,  perfect for school.
I've had my Lenovo for a little over a month now and it does everything i want it to do and more.
i really have nothing negative to say about it.
it is a great value for what you get.
I get giddy every time I use this thing.
excellent item, shipped on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for gaming
for the price this is a super product out of the box.
five starts
i just love this ultrabook
I love this computer, this is my first ever Mac (I'm 21) and it took a little while to switch over from the OS I was used to, but it was a fast learning curve.
The resolution is gorgeous, the computer is light, it does everything I need and the interface is pretty intuitive.
I love this computer!
Wonderful, super fast, lightweight computer
This is what I was looking for.
At my age, I need this kind of laptop.
slow processor, just not it
Been using Lenovo ThinkPad Edge laptops in our business for several years now and have no complaints about any of them.
Great Laptop!
Does what I need it to do and the price was right!
Great laptop from Apple!
Overall, a high quality laptop and a great value considering all this computer has to offer.
Well worth the extra cost.
I can appreciate why she recommended it!
So far I do not have any trouble with it other than the picture quality is a bit poor.
So i gave this 4 stars but only because of the poor picture quality, other than that it is a great buy!
This laptop is absolutely horrible.
There is a chance mine is defective but regardless I'm not going to try another one this is a terrible product.
I'd much rather bite the bullet and spend a little more for a product that actually meets minimum computing expectations for 2014.
I appreciate the effort to hit affordable pricing Dell but just not worth it.
It is slow and complicated and very disappointing
Great labtop..
not as fast as I would have liked it to be but everything else is great!
I've only had this computer for a few days an I already don't like it.
I will be returning it.
If people are writing bad reviews about this laptop then believe what they say.
the computer is very wonderful.
it does have a habit of restarting itself when you try to do the log in pw. but over all. im very satisfied.
great product.
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing
I absolutely love my Dell Inspiron!
For $250, I highly recommend!!
I am returning it...
GREAT value laptop!
Very pleased so far.
All in all, it's well worth its price tag.
Great laptop for the price.
Still giving it a 5 star rating because it is fast and a nice sized screen.
Overall good but processing power isn't very good.
I bought it for my parents (late 60s) and they love it - particularly the keyboard and screen.
Terrific value for the money.
Highly recommended.
Killer computer.
I would highly recommend this computer it is FAST!!!
I don't like it at all...
This laptop is amazing!
Despite the fact that there's no optical drive, everything is perfect.
I love this laptop!
DO NOT RECOMMEND!
Awesome laptop!
More than enough for my use.
Love everything about this laptop!
I would definitely recommend this!!
I love this laptop to the moon.
It's exactly like the picture and I AM SATISFIED.
Great laptop light and very versatile
This is going to be random and unorganized, but here are my thoughts on the laptop:So far so good after a month.
I AM IMPRESSED WITH THIS COMPUTER, INEXPENSIVE BUT QUALITY.
LOVE THE SIZE, I AM USING THIS FOR WORK, I AM A NURSE AND HAVE TO CHART DAILY, THIS IS EASY TO USE AND I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT.
It's so damn good I bought 2 :D
I am very happy with this computer.
It is exactly what I expected, and the price is excellent!
You are getting what you pay for and in my opinion, it is worth more.
Been using it for about 4 hours now and it seems plenty fast and does everything I need it to do.
But for the price its good.
Perfectly adequate.
Great PC.
Nice laptop.
I use it for school, its quick and has everything I need on it.
Used to love HP products, but this has soured me on the whole company.
By far the best laptop I've ever had.
I had a great experience purchasing my Dell Inspiron i3531-1200BK 15.6-Inch Laptop.
My laptop was easy to set-up, and I've had no problems to date.
Did not disappoint me at all.
Lenovo is the best laptop.
We haven't used it enough or had it long enough to give it 5 stars, but so far it has been a very good laptop.
We like this new laptop -- a lot!
This lap top is good so far.
it was slow and might be problematic.
i would shop around for a better one.
I should have bought something better.
Other than a hate of windows 8, she just loves it.
LOVE IT!
I'm very happy with my Acer, it does just for what I need it.
I love this laptop.
Although I've had it for less than a week, I am very satisfied.
Does all that was advertised.
If it had a 4,5 star option, that is what I would give.
This is a big disappointment.
I have had Dell Desktops for years, so had no qualms about buying a Dell laptop.
I'm so disappointed.
It's truly a great laptop for the price.
For $250, which is as much as my graphics card alone cost, this laptop is an incredible value.
It does everything I need it too!
Very nice computer
I purchased a  Dell Inspiron I3531-1200BK and so far I love it, this model has a true life monitor, which is worth the extra bucks.
In all my life i have never come across a computer as slow as this one, it cant perform basic operations and is practically useless.
Please people dont make the same mistake i did.
This is a complete waste of money, dont let the price fool you!
Would be a very nice laptop if the mousepad worked properly.
If they can fix this, I think it would be a very nice, cost-effective laptop.
I'm sure I just got a bad egg, but instead of getting a replacement I decided to try a different one.
This laptop is nice.
I would love to keep this laptop, but will be sending it back and looking for a different brand.
Initially I liked the product so much.
I am not satisfied with the product.
It's an amazing laptop.
Most of the things about the laptop is awesome except the touchpad.
I am loving it completely.
Purchased it for my birthday and love it!
I'm so glad that I have.
Expensive but worth it.
This is without a doubt the worst laptop I've ever had.
And of course, the return window closed last week so now, I'm stuck with it.
I will never buy another Lenovo anything!
I could go on and on, but suffice it to say, if you want to spend $400+ on a laptop, don't buy this one!
It's definitely not worth the money.
Price makes this the laptop I was looking for.
So far I am very happy with this computer.
It has everything I wanted-- built in Wi-Fi connectibility, a slot for my SD camera memory card, a DVD burner, big beautiful screen, plenty of USB ports (three 3.0 and one 2.0), and a keyboard with a nice touch.
I wish I had bought this sooner!
I'm very happy with it, typing on it right now and it is fast enough for that!
I like everything about this laptop.
Excellent buy.
The worst computer I have ever laid my eyes upon.
Just not for me.
The computer is as expected, and worth the money.
Hands down one of my best and most used purchases thus far.
The Mid-2014 MacBook Pro does no disappoint...
Cons:Honestly zero con's ... as a Windows PC user the switch over was seamlessly,  I run Parallel when I need Windows.
I'm an amature, so this does more than I can handle.
I'm perfectly satisfied, just have to get use to the new 6.1 system I can't see a problem.
I' doi9ng fine now, and happy as a bug.
The price is great and it does everything I want to do,  Thanks.
It's perfect!
I am really not happy with this computer...
Would not buy it again.
All in all I wish I had waited a bit.
I'm still exploring the various features but overall I am satisfied with my purchase.
The HP Envy 15 has been everything I expected.
I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a top performing laptop.
used 6 times black screen returned for refund
It does what it advertises.
I bought this for my daughter to use for school and homework, it's not a "fast" computer, but it's great for what she needs it for and very light weight!
Well, my first apple computer and I am impressed.
Glad I did so far.
What a great laptop, I can run my games and work really fast.
I completely recommend it.
Excellent value and a must buy for someone looking for a Macbook.
I highly recommend you get one before they are gone.
Got this on black friday with a very good discount and couldn't be happier.
This Macbook Pro is AMAZING!
Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.
I've never had any problems with the computer itself (The Macbook charger chords are another story, though).
Bought this laptop from best buy in January 2015.. still loving it.
I use it everyday.
My favorite computer I've ever had!
This computer overall is great!
Great computer.
Very great Apple product as expected.
My new laptop is great.
I would recommend it to anyone.
To be honest I am a little disappointed and considering returning it.
This is a horrible laptop.
I regretted immediately.
Nothing like the description says.
:(
This computer is like...  I'm lost for words.
This is the best switch I have ever done.
I love, LOVE, LOOOOVE!
In upgrading to this computer I can say I have found little to any flaws in the product, hence the 5 star review.
Love this computer.
It has done everything and more that I expected.
I am sure it will be able to do all I need it to do in the future as well.
So far I have no complaints and dont expect many complaints in the future.
This did give some set trouble and i had to call tech support.
its been easy breezy since then.
how could you not love a Mac
so far so good, i have not encountered any issues with this computer.
for the price that i paid i feel that i got good value.
To a prospective buyer,  08/10/2012  Once you go Mac, you'll never go back.
Was the best decision we ever made.
Never had any issues, no frustrations just great easy wireless, all in one fun!
It's great.
This computer is great.
I am very satisfied with EVERYTHING about this machine.
Like so many others who do this there is a learning curve and I'm excited to do it.
I like that.
Very nice.
I am pleased with my decision, however I have only had this for a few weeks.
There are a few things I am dissappointed with though.
As a student majoring computer science, I really fell in love with this laptop.
All in all I am very happy with this purchase.
And with this price, I don't think you can buy anything better.
All I can say is I am impressed.
It's worth it.
Pay me now, Pay me later.........I am happy with my choice going with this laptop.
I was disappointed.
It seemed like a great computer and a great deal.
For a non-computer savvy person, it was very disappointing.
I like the 13 inch macbooks.
I've been using Apple's since 1992 and this is the fastest and best one I've  had.
This should be more than  enough computer for almost everyone.
I would not hesitate recommending  this to anyone.
I would've given 5 stars, had it not been for the hours of updates I've had to do to this upon arrival.
Other than that, I love it.
It's portable, reliable, and great for what I use it for.
Everything you'd expect from a Mac.
Only had it a few weeks but doesn't leave my side.
This machine is flawless, fast, and classy.
Out of all the laptops I have owned, this is by far the best!
Even though MacBooks are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money.
You will not regret buying this computer!
I've been spoiled by the build quality and stability of Macintosh and even this used computer is a gem.
I can bat around all the things that everyone else says, but it's been what we've been using for decades and I have nothing bad to say.
That's the only issue I've ever had since working on Macs in 1995.
However, the HP Envy has definitely met all of my expectations and more.
I have been thoroughly impressed with my purchase thus far and do not regret purchasing it at all.
While the price may seem high, it is worth every penny with its many perks.
Overall, I definitely would recommend this product to any college student that is in the market for a new laptop.
I'm actually writing this review on my new MacBook and I love it!
The computer it self is amazing.
It is an older model, so know that upfront, but it is everything I was looking for.
From the moment I received this MacBook it was like a dream come true.
So long story short, if you want an oldie but a goodie this is your laptop.
I highly recommend!!
If your looking to be a trendy hipster who can't live without a Mac, it's a great buy.
Over all very good system and worth it.
This was the ONLY tablet-style computer so far which met my requirements.
I was seduced by this computer, so I took it home.
My first Mac computer and as many before me I just fall in love with it.
-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:
This is really nice, but I HATE the awkward right mouse clicking.. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.. may be the laptop, may be the laptop in conjunction with Windows 8? 
overall it is just my learning a few things than any downfall with the laptop (the mouse was the only negative I could really see)...
This is a fantastic transformer!
I loved playing with it and the touchscreen was great for the windows 8 platform.
I would have kept it but that was the sole reason for my purchase.
It's a great product and would recommend to anyone looking for a transformer or large touchscreen.
I'm looking forward to needing a laptop update so I can purchase this computer again.
I've only had this for a week Overall I like the computer, it's thin &amp; light and The wireless keyboard works great.
I'm overall very pleased with my new laptop!!!
Overall great for me!!!
This laptop has delivered.
I'm very pleased with the purchase.
I usually use my Mac for school work and internet browsing, so the entry-level 13' MacBook Pro is already more than what I expected from a computer I would typically use it for.
I'm sure you won't regret making this purchase.
One of the worst pieces of electronics I have ever bought.
There is definitely more to say...
But, hey, it's an Apple.
I wouldn't expect anything less!
If it was possible to give them 0 start, I would have done it.
Overall I love it.
First off, AMAZING LAPTOP!
Overall, it is a fantastic laptop.
Get this now!!!
This is a great laptop.
I bought it for college and couldn't be happier.
If you are looking for a light, durable, and extremely effecient laptop, buy this one!
They really know what they are doing.
If you dont like windows I would suggest trying a Mac.
The investment is worth it.
Have bought several laptops in last several years and hands down this has been the best ever.
I had heard people speak highly of the MacBook Pro for college students, and have not been disappointed through two and a half years of extensive use.
The MacBook Pro has a significant amount of positive attributes that greatly outweigh the negative attributes:
So far so good.
I would run back to computer store and return this expensive toy.
signed: not impressed
I bought this a few months ago and it's holding up fairly well.
Runs fast, the touch screen hasn't lost any sensitivity, I'm overall very happy with it.
This is my first Apple computer and I couldn't be more pleased.
The computer of the people!
I bought my first MacBook exactly 5 months ago and was really happy with my new toy, but what was not my surprise when I turned it on 2 days ago and the screen was completely black.
The best computer I've ever bought.
You wont be disappointed with this computer!
The most disappointing purchase of my life!
I received a dud and have had nothing but problems since right after I purchased this horrible machine.
Otherwise I am happily a  Mac user.
This, added with the fact that the speed of the hard drive is very slow for the money, detracts from the computer's value.
Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer.
TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive.
I am really sorry I bought this machine.
I was shocked at how much worse this product has been since my first purchase.
This machine has made me go there 5 times and has been nothing but a continuous problem.
You get what you pay for, right?
I should have known better.
I hope you don't make the same mistake...
Other than that battery issue and the battery life does not last too long, I'm pretty happy with the computer.
I can't believe people like these computers.
Don't waste your money.
My HP seemed great at first, then the problems started.....wireless adapter would just &quot;disappear&quot; and the system said it didn't have a network card.
I don't have the inclination or time to devote to a companies tech support, search functions, or hold times.....dropped the HP and never looked back.
I gave this product 5 stars because I have been looking for a MacBook Pro for a long time and I found it here for a wonderful price.
I have used this product for only 2 days, but I can't wait to use it more.
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time.
When I decided to buy my first computer, I wish I had bought a Mac first.
I'll leave the more technical aspects to those more knowledgeable than myself, and just conclude by saying that I'm delighted with my purchase.
Received this item and everything is great except that my touchpad is reversed.
It's a great laptop, but right now it's annoying to use the touchpad.
Being only 2 months old, I am not a happy camper!
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage.
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack, I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere.
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college.
Recommended to people as their first laptop.
If you need an affordable, entry-level laptop, this will fit the bill.
Not good for a person who gets online daily.
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.
Good for every day computing and web browsing.
A great computer for light home use and business use.
I would recomend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school.
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG. THE PRODUCT KEY.
IT WANT TAKE IT, IT KEEP SAYING ERROR.
This computer is the ideal college companion.
It has everything I would need for a home computer.
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
Price and purpose is awesome!
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.
Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion/offer going, of course)!
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine;
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
I will NEVER buy (Refurbished) again, I don't cae how cheap it is.
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
I recommend for word processing and internet users.
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully.
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems.
I am a college student and it has been very useful.
It's wonderful for computer gaming.
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
It really is perfect for work and play.
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it.
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect.
Highly recommend for daily use.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
Right out of the box, this little netbook did everything I asked of it, including streaming the everyday video you're bound to encounter checking mail and websites (my biggest complaint previously).
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop (my wife and I have another laptop), or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks.
Handles all my basic media needs easily.
It's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs.
I love the easy to see screen, and It works well for work, persoal or just play.
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling.
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures.
Purchased for development purposes, but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing, e-mail, etc.
The flaws are, this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
Mac is not made for gaming.
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both!
It has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it!
No tutorials on the display.
The book is useless.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.
This computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.
Oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds.
They said it was a computer error on this type of computer.
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking.
I do everything on this computer - check email, facebook, shop, check blogs, write papers, listen to music, and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
Still, this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work.
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races.
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
It is truly a Desktop Replacement.
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
This is perfect for her field.
I had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.
my information was all lost (my fault, I know, but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac, the paragon of all computers!
I will give advise any prospective buyers this is not great laptop, Its good for web browsing and word processing
Odd - unusual Dell Commands
just what we needed for our daughter to do her on line math class
This is a great home computer.
Good for basic stuff.
Don't try to use to play any pc games or anything.
For everyday use, you can't really go wrong with this laptop.
If, like me, you will be paying bills, occasionally reading the news, or just buying stuff on line, Then this is a winner.
If you are a gamer or need it for heavy computer use, get something else.
It's a good starter computer that is extremely light on the wallet.
Like i said, Good for basic stuff and as a starter.
Amazing computer,  perfect for school.
i can run somewhat modern games like Skyrim and Fallout New Vegas with no issues.
CAN EVEN READMY KINDLE ON THIS COMPUTER
excellent item, shipped on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for gaming
This computer is great for someone who is looking to manage their online life(banling, facebook etc) and some basic offline work using MS Office.
i defenitly recommend it for anyone for office and home work
Bigger screen than expected, laptop with a desktop design that is really nice to use for all types of usage, including programming/editing
It gets the job done in terms of having a computer that can browse the web, use Word/Excel, and the like.
This laptop suits my needs: as i am currently studying online and just need a computer for that purpose.
My daughter uses it for college too and it works great for both of us.
Great for web design and general work.
This computer is absolutely perfect for web browsing, watching video, word processing, and that's about it.
If you want a computer that plays games or any advanced tasks like editing video, this computer is NOT for you.
Now when I say don't expect to play games on it, I mean it.
Pretty much every major game save for Solitare won't even play on it due to the slower processor.
I needed an inexpensive laptop to do basic office work on that was lightweight and this fits the bill just fine.
It's exactly like the picture and I AM SATISFIED.
If you're the type of person that just likes to browse the Internet and enjoy media and do light work with Microsoft office, this is the laptop for you.
Don't expect it to be a champion performer so if you want to play games or whatever this is not the computer for you.
I would recommend this to anyone who doesn't need much out of a computer.
Other than the slow CPU it works great for everyday use.
Heavy gaming is definitely not it's strong point.
The machine is easy to use, has the power it needs for personal use and some light professional work.
The i7 is incredibly fast, the RAM makes it proper for several games (not on maximum quality).
NEEDS MORE INSTRUCTIONS WITH IT
I only use a laptop for personal use, but this one can't even handle that!
My final thoughts: if you are a Mac user, stay away.
Great for games
However, this laptop far exceeded my expectations when I bought it for college, I only use Malwarebytes and Microsoft Security Essentials, run a virus scan maybe once a week and it has ran smoother than butter for the past two years.
If you want to game, this thing can handle League of Legends on medium-low settings, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it for gaming.
Overall, a great laptop for simply doing basic things and web-browsing.
Would definitely recommend for those who are "technologically ignorant"
If you're looking for a basic PC this is the way to go.
So far I haven't lost any quality or information.
Though I don't have much installed, I only have 96 of the 278G left!
I have no idea what's taking up all the room, it doesn't make sense.
Very fast and good for most steam games.
Yes, it's running and old type processor so, hey, don't even try gaming on it.
But, if you are just an average user, it works really great.
And the settings are simply annoying.
It came with no instruction book - no back up CD's and has already crashed.
It's great for what he uses it for.
plus - no russian input ??  wtf
What a great laptop, I can run my games and work really fast.
Also, the resale value on this will keep.
I play Sims 4 and 3 on it all the time, with very little issues.
I bought this pc to play games and stream movies! it could handle all of that but my friend wanted me to put some music on a cd!
This laptop is fine for those applications and basic websurfing.
The speakers are fairly basic, so this is probably not the computer to buy if your main aim is streaming music or watching movies.
If you draw on the other hand i'm sure you will love using this in tablet mode.
- It can run games really well.
The Mac book pro is a computer for the disorganized, lazy, and eye candy person in all of us.
I would've given 5 stars, had it not been for the hours of updates I've had to do to this upon arrival.
Negatives:  - As aforementioned, my only con was the updates.
If you are looking to get a 2-in-1 laptop, this is the laptop you should consider.
It also is nice to be able to play Candy Crush or Angry Birds when in between classes straight from your laptop.
It makes it much more exciting to play!
This computer is a fantastic tool for word processing, searching the internet, and keeping track of everyday life.
It has a 128 GB storage capacity (but with the option of a 256 GB hard drive) and a 1.6GHz dual-core Intel Core i5, so don't expect to be gaming on this computer and make sure you pick up an external hard drive too.
I would have kept it but that was the sole reason for my purchase.
The other Issue I had was the amount of time it takes to update the operating system and all the software when you get it.
Awesome laptop for college!!!
Can be used for gaming as well.
I can run most games to a good quality without seeing any lack of speed.
I usually use my Mac for school work and internet browsing, so the entry-level 13' MacBook Pro is already more than what I expected from a computer I would typically use it for.
This laptop was made for art, music, beat-making, pictures, movies, graphic design.
The MacBook Pro is useful for college students for many reasons:
Maybe I'm not being reasonable, but I don't feel that's the same as a new computer because I didn't pay for a refurbished computer.
Those looking for a bargain laptop will shy away from the enormous price tag, and those who want to play the latest games do not ever use Macs.
I'm a designer turned front-end developer and this computer is unusable for front-end development.
When I had a boot up issue, the HP recovery didn't work.
The disks I made wouldn't work.....HP support stated &quot;we're a hardware company, not a software company.&quot;
I have not tried gaming on it but I have heard that Mac/Apple does not do games well.
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop.
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.
Games being the main issue.
This computer is good for anything, and it has really superseded my high expectations.
The HD display is sensational, and now watching any movie is a very enjoyable experience for me.
At my age, I need this kind of laptop.
More than enough for my use.
I liked the fact that it came with Windows 7, but also included Windows 8 to install later if I need it.
I was nervous at first that I purchased a lemon but the user manual explains how to turn on the keyboard  backlight.
I bought this for my daughter to use for school and homework, it's not a "fast" computer, but it's great for what she needs it for and very light weight!
This computer is really fast and I'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to...
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run.
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.
I'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same.
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials.
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
Like the price and operation.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
Peformance is good for the price.
It's fast and has excellent battery life.
I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
the speed is fine.
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
The Toshiba Net book operates very well.
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it's speed.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
Love the speed, especially!
All you have to do is turn it on and it works.
Great, quick laptop for the money.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
Good monitor and performed well.
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
Excellent speed for processing data.
Fast, great visual!
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me.
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM, the computer was kinda slow.
Maybe not the cutting edge (Satellite L455D) but it is a workhorse.
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
No problems, no lock ups, no disappointments.
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
It has worked fine.
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.
This machine delivers.
Boots up fast and runs great!
Its fast, has High definition quality in the videos.
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.
Fast, fast and fast, the web pages just fly by.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors!!!!
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.
Very fast boot up and shut down.
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing.
The only time I have restarted is during system updates.
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something.
Couldn't keep a page up you were working on!
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once.
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again.
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance.
Second, it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update, so if you don't save your files and information, everything will be lost.
It is sleek, smooth, and lightweight.
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work.
Runs smooth and quick.
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once, it never slows down.
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open.
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot.
It just works flawlessly!
Its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.
No I am generous calling it slow.
its more like a snail crawl.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
They don't crash.
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
It is super fast, and always loads.
THis computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse.
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is.
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.
Not working = bad
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it.
2) Blue screen first month
The computer blinks it shuts off at will.
The internet speed is spectacular.
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.
The computer is so slow, even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up.
When the computer has been on for several minutes, it will occasionaly just go off by itself.
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
It pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.
The 13" MacBook Pro is portable, durable, and very capable.
It's also very energy efficient, running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb.
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.
It crashes, and when it goes flat, it just DIES (like a PC, maybe worse) and I loose all my open documents!
very very slow laptop.
Very fast and efficient!
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
The computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes.
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing.
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down.
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection, or the page can't be displayed.
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.
The performance is awesome.
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.
It's super fast and a great value for the price!
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.
I can't even turn it off.
It's catatonic.
Great battery, speed, display.
It WORKS!
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on.
This computer periodically crashes (Office, IPhoto, Safari).
It takes a long time to get on the Web and to change Web Sites.
Locks up she searching for updates.
The Retina is great, its amazingly fast when it boots up because of the SSD storage and the clarity of the screen is amazing as well.
It has a stunning retina display, and is very fast.
Also, the sound quality from the speakers is crystal clear, and everything is just sleek and smooth.
Fast.
Works very well.
Fast enough for my purposes.
Great PC, light and powerful.
Performs as advertised, if not better!
a bit ugly,but works good
Keeps freezing
Works beautifully.
Works good and is fast enough for me.
The Computer Is Horrible Its To Slow.
I have so much trouble turning the computer on.
It comes on for seconds then shuts itself off.
i'm very happy,this laptop is beatifull, is'nt slow at all.
It is a thing of beauty and fast enough.
When you click and don't wait.
So yes, it is ridiculously fast.
It's just a little slow.
Terribly slow...
Start up time took forever everything runs very slowly.
I find that it often gets very slow and I have to restart more than usual.
Also very quick laptop!
Wonderful, super fast, lightweight computer
The New Macbook pro working, good user experience, fast speed, faster start up time.
Extremely slow.
Computer runs very slow!
Apple is unrivaled in terms of build quality and functionality.
Excellent performance, especially given its price point.
Don't expect much in terms of performance from this laptop.
fast easy
I have had it over a month now and it works just fine.
I bought it simply for Excel on Windows for work since I have a Macbook Air and literally the thing freezes and lags opening Excel or my web browser.
It is slow and complicated and very disappointing
not as fast as I would have liked it to be but everything else is great!
it does have a habit of restarting itself when you try to do the log in pw. but over all. im very satisfied.
its very fast and very light.
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing
It powers on/off very quickly, and it loads up automatically.
Slow
Speed is great, easy to set up and get going.
This things run smoothly for its price, and the battery life seems to go on forever.
I wasn't disappointed in its performance.
Still giving it a 5 star rating because it is fast and a nice sized screen.
I replaced stock drive with WD Black 7K drive and is still quite slow.
It works fine for a PC in this price range.
works good but doesn't seem like it's made sturdy.
I would highly recommend this computer it is FAST!!!
I am experiencing the system little slower than what I have expected.
The system sometimes lags a lot.
Easy setup, and delivers all the functions we need.
IT DOES NOT TURN ON - IF I TAKE THE BATTERY OUT IT MIGHT WORK, NOT SURE IF IT'S A BAD BATTERY OR COMPUTER!
Bootup time is amazing, battery life is decent and it has a great slim form factor.
Things just work, they are fluid, easy to use and understand, fast and work well.
Performance wise, it's a bit slow, but that's to be expected from a Celeron-class processor.
The sound is great and it's fast.
Everything seems to be running smoothly.
It has a quick start up and shut down time.
Been using it for about 4 hours now and it seems plenty fast and does everything I need it to do.
The i7 is incredibly fast, the RAM makes it proper for several games (not on maximum quality).
I use it for school, its quick and has everything I need on it.
Its fast, powerful, screen display is top notch and the battery life is excellent for a laptop of this size.
The product is average and works well.
Very good performer for the price.
Not blazing fast, but quick enough.
It is quiet runs smoothly.
I really like the video option on it, I stream movies on Amazon Prime and Netflix and there is no lag.
it stopped working 31 days after purchase.
it was slow and might be problematic.
CRASHED only 2 days from getting it!!!!
The PC is works well with a good battery and a power cable, and has a web cam.
Functions well.
3.Fairly fast.
Battery power laptop had difficulties computing.
This clunker however stopped working after only two weeks of having it delivered.
It would have a full charge yet would turn itself off for no explainable reason after being on for 5 minutes.
The second one, after a little over a month, refused to turn on even with a full charge.
It takes a long time to load any page.
I've had it for a minth and so far it's shut down completely 3 times.
I am not ultra tech savvy but I can tell when it works slow!
I barely have any files or downloads and its almost impossible to get this thing to load.
It's clunky, heavy, and a pain to start up and shut down.
However, this laptop far exceeded my expectations when I bought it for college, I only use Malwarebytes and Microsoft Security Essentials, run a virus scan maybe once a week and it has ran smoother than butter for the past two years.
It is quite impressive at multitasking, which really surprised me.
I can have tabs open while playing YouTube videos and it handles it impressively well.
this computer is very slow
In all my life i have never come across a computer as slow as this one, it cant perform basic operations and is practically useless.
I just received the laptop and if it runs like this already cant imagine how it would work in the next couple of weeks.
It took almost 20 minutes to boot up.
It has a decent feel to it, sharp display and is fast enough.
Although it was slow but I felt it was ok for the price you have bought it.
Laptop automatically shuts down when battery life reaches 30%.
The laptop is fast.
Now I have dual booted my laptop to Windows 8.1 and Ubuntu 14.04 and it's not got too slow either.
But, it works really slowwwwww!!!
It has got me feel like to take years to successfully open a web page.
But other than that, I really am loving the quality and speed.
It hangs, freezes and just isn't working properly.
I have now been waiting almost a minute for the computer management window to open!
Very fast and good for most steam games.
Looks good , well built, and very good speed.
I'm very happy with it, typing on it right now and it is fast enough for that!
Also, when you try to download a large file, like a video, it will start out normally, downloading at around 600kb/sec and over the course of a couple of minutes will slow waaaaaay down to around 20kb/sec, making a download of a couple minutes into several hours making it worthless.
It came with no instruction book - no back up CD's and has already crashed.
Now the speed is disappointing.
Start up is fine  maybe 20 secs at most, but then to get pages to load on internet is molasses at times.
Even for a 4GB RAM it barely chugs with 3 tabs open.
Also, I have no regrets about going with the 8GB RAM because its super fast.
The laptop is very responsice with the Core i7 processor and 8GB of RAM and the sound out of the Beats audio is great.
I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a top performing laptop.
The Dell is quick enough, sturdy, not good with finger prints.
Works well, fast and no reboots.
s.... L .... o..... w....  rea......llllyy  slow.
like seriously  - really slow.
What a great laptop, I can run my games and work really fast.
Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.
I bought my Macbook Pro in October of 2012 and 2 years later it still works as flawless as ever!
The thing wakes up super fast and is always ready to go.
it runs fast!
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp.
Well, my first impressions are that its OK, it certainly boots up quickly (thanks SSD!), and from the limited use so far (no games) its fast enough in normal usage.
Within a day of usage, it already slowed down significantly, virus entered the system right away.
My Apple mac book pro has crashed three times, since I purchased it.
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied.
It contains a long battery life, incredible specs, and an overall enjoyable performance.
It runs just as fast as the day we got it with no problems!
We don't have to de-frag, deliete cookies, run security programs, or any of the common PC problems that have to be delt with in order to keep you running and up to speed.
It runs faster than it did when I got it.
It takes less time to power up, and if you just close the case it go into sleep mode.
WHen you open it wakes up almost immediately.
It has the latest i7 CPU with a GTX 950M for GPU, which makes this laptop blazing fast (boots up in under 5 seconds, with the help of the SSD of course).
Very quick to get it up and running with a minimum setup time right after you open the box.
The first one arrived and it did not work.
The mac is light and so compact I thought I would regret not buying a retina display, not in the least The mac pro works just fine.
I've been using Apple's since 1992 and this is the fastest and best one I've  had.
This is very fast, high performance computer.
It fast and easy to set up.
I had cloned my data from my old computer using  Carbon Copy Cloner (CCC) and simply moved everything to the new computer  and was off and running at speeds I had only dreamed up before.
- Quick boot-up, and runs efficiently.
The screen definition is superb and it fires up super quick and same to close down.
This machine is flawless, fast, and classy.
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid.
It churns out HD content, runs without many flaws and I've yet to get a virus on a Mac since I started using the platform in the early 1990's.
Machine is flying and with parallels desktop 8 I have my old PC notebook completely functional on my MBP.
-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:
All works beautifully but Windows 8 is taking a bit of getting used to.
It's light, fast and has great battery!!
It's a steal when considering the specs and performance as well.
I can run most games to a good quality without seeing any lack of speed.
This thing boots in just a few seconds which is nice.
Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute.
Furthermore, Mac OS X Mountain Lion's Gate keeper prevents the user from downloading malware and trojans, which keep your data safe and your computer running at optimum speed.
Very pour performance.
It takes for ever to wake it up.
Sometimes It stops receiving wifi signal, so I have to restart it.
It is very slow and not responsive.
I tested it, it worked great.
He received it, and one day later it DIES.
The laptop refuses to start, we have troubleshooted all areas, still fails to start.
Cannot even get to bios.
Just a click and a BLACK SCREEN.
We got two days of operation from this laptop.
The machine now has 10 gigs of RAM and it works just fine.
Three years ago I had purchased this bad boy and it still runs great!
2. 8 gig ram needed if you are as productive as I am (DJ, photography, movie making, etc) its quick!
2. Sometimes when I stared mine up it would take a few extra minutes to boot on, other times it is a few seconds
Mine has been though hundreds of parties, weddings, quinces, anything involving performances, it can take it!
If you are looking for a light, durable, and extremely effecient laptop, buy this one!
Pros:  o It usually runs very smoothly, but Apple has an excellent support team that is always willing to help customers.
Computer seemed sluggish for an Intel Core i5 device.
Runs fast, the touch screen hasn't lost any sensitivity, I'm overall very happy with it.
I still have weird freezing problems with it and it's pretty slow, but it's not pinpointed enough yet for me to take it in.
I am happy with the feel the speed and the seamless transition to the MAC!
Well she was right, Whatever in the world took me so long to get a computer that just works.
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.
Before and after I resolved that issue, I saw the damn 'beachball' all the time as the computer tries to figure out what the hell it's doing while I wait for it.
I spend so much time waiting for it.
Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.
If the price doesn't deter you, you'll find it well worth it in terms of trouble-free operation.
From time to time I get the 'spinning beach ball' that holds up progress.
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it.
I bought it for really cheap also and it's AMAZING.
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
High price tag, however.
Like the price and operation.
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare.
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.
Was very much worth the price i paid.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
Am very glad I bought it, great netbook, low price.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
If you need an affordable, entry-level laptop, this will fit the bill.
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.
True quality at a great price!
Price and purpose is awesome!
It's a great product for a great price!
I wasn't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money!
It Was a great deal after all.
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
Money and time well spent!
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
This is definitely a computer worth the money;
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.
But, like I said before, the only reason I don't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey.
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.
Overall though, for the money spent it's a great deal.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
Good price.
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO!
was a great deal i will give that.
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
The price and features more than met my needs.
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!
All for such a great price.
I spent 2200 dollars on a "top of the line laptop".
1) Payed $2200 for a "premium" laptop
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus.
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me.
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar.
Average performance on almost every benchmark but priced accordingly.
awesome price for a laptop that lasts more than 8 hours without recharging!
It's not what you pay for.
great price.
Otherwise this is a great computer great prices.
Good product for a good price.
Great price and computer!
Pretty premium feel for the low price.
It's a good starter computer that is extremely light on the wallet.
Can not believe the price!
it is a great value for what you get.
IT IS VERY LIGHT AND THE PICTURE IS NICE  AND THE PRICE WAS AMAZING.
It wont wow you with its speed but who can complain at $249.
Does what I need it to do and the price was right!
Overall, a high quality laptop and a great value considering all this computer has to offer.
Excellent performance, especially given its price point.
I appreciate the effort to hit affordable pricing Dell but just not worth it.
For $250, I highly recommend!!
GREAT value laptop!
I can't believe this was just $250
All in all, it's well worth its price tag.
D) was under $300 with shipping.
A good value on a quality product.
I needed an inexpensive laptop to do basic office work on that was lightweight and this fits the bill just fine.
I AM IMPRESSED WITH THIS COMPUTER, INEXPENSIVE BUT QUALITY.
It is exactly what I expected, and the price is excellent!
You are getting what you pay for and in my opinion, it is worth more.
7.Expensive.
Paid close to $2800 out the door.
For $250, which is as much as my graphics card alone cost, this laptop is an incredible value.
Very good price.
I was surprised  at  the overall quality and the price
If they can fix this, I think it would be a very nice, cost-effective laptop.
Expensive but worth it.
I could go on and on, but suffice it to say, if you want to spend $400+ on a laptop, don't buy this one!
It's definitely not worth the money.
Price makes this the laptop I was looking for.
The price was good.
This is a great bargain.
The computer is as expected, and worth the money.
The price is great and it does everything I want to do,  Thanks.
Meh...but cheap.
Price is great, wish it didn't have Windows 8, but that is an opinion.
Love the price too!
Everything at a very great price.
Excellent value and a must buy for someone looking for a Macbook.
You can't get any better than this price and it come with an internal disk drive.
Got this on black friday with a very good discount and couldn't be happier.
And with this price, I don't think you can buy anything better.
It seemed like a great computer and a great deal.
Even though MacBooks are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money.
While the price may seem high, it is worth every penny with its many perks.
-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:
It's a steal when considering the specs and performance as well.
By the way...I paid for this particular laptop roughly 2 grand...LOOK AT THE PRICE NOW!
Only thing I dislike is that everything for Mac is expensive but I guess you pay for quality!
It is the cheapest product in the line of MacBook's
Battery doesn't hold up to what it said in the description but I got it refurb'd and I imagine they swapped out the battery to help cover the costs on the reduced price (Just a guess).
I would run back to computer store and return this expensive toy.
Those looking for a bargain laptop will shy away from the enormous price tag, and those who want to play the latest games do not ever use Macs.
This, added with the fact that the speed of the hard drive is very slow for the money, detracts from the computer's value.
Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer.
You get what you pay for, right?
Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.
I gave this product 5 stars because I have been looking for a MacBook Pro for a long time and I found it here for a wonderful price.
If the price doesn't deter you, you'll find it well worth it in terms of trouble-free operation.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college.
Currently if I use the laptop I can't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs.
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it.
Its still going.
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality.
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
The unibody design is edgy and durable.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4+ people to report the damaged part will be returned late!
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one.
breaks easily.
No Viruses!
This thing is a lemon.
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box!
Being only 2 months old, I am not a happy camper!
this one, in my opinion, might be a lemon!
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months!
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
Very good quality and well made.
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it.
I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.
True quality at a great price!
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!
It was secure and easy to navigate.
I'm stuck w/ a broken computer.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
This computer gets very hot, before shutting down.
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.
It is very durable, I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet.
In the past four years I've had it I have never once gotten a virus.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.
For those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any;
Runs Hot
I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
If you are looking for something reliable, this is the laptop for you.
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it.
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself, with help of friends, and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it.
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE----BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY.
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.
Never had a single problem, and don't have to worry about viruses.
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!)only to get another "HP/Compaq" piece of crap.
It is made better, thicker, and all out tough!
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues!
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.
It's solid.
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with.
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go.
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
Took it back as it was defective.
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop.
Amazing Quality!
Second, it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
It is not even a year old yet, so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone.
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work.
It runs very quiet too which is a plus.
It is a cheap throw together.
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.
It may take a little getting used to but you don't have to worry about viruses or other headaches.
I think this computer is super lame.
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it.
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage.
I bought this last week, and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding.
got another 1, and same issue.
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect, something with the amount of thermal paste.
But if you can't make your product last more than a year, you will not get my business again.
In the three years I've had my MacBook Pro, I have never had a virus on my computer, and I do a lot of work on the internet.
Needs constant repair.
I feel that it was poorly put together, because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it.
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
I've never had problems with viruses.
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.
Never been hacked.
No viruses.
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb, 201
Ive had to call tech support many times.
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
this computer will last you at least 7 years, thats an amazing life spanned an electronic.
I spent 2200 dollars on a "top of the line laptop".
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it.
1) Payed $2200 for a "premium" laptop
2) Blue screen first month
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair.
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS.
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk.
Also, I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot, and not even sitting on anything to make it hot.
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty.
During that time, I had to send it back 3 times.
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me.
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one.
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse.
5 months dead again.
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.
I burned my leg, after lifting it from my desk, and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table, so I can place it there.
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.
This laptop leaves alot to be desired, I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice...
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
The 13" MacBook Pro is portable, durable, and very capable.
They also have a longer service life than other computers (I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks).
It's face and depanable.
I especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems!
I was told by many  that it was a great computer, but we got one of these, and it worked  great for one year, and as soon as the warrenty was up, then it got  really bad.
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
And it is impossible to get them back in.
Didn't expect to repair it at once!
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months.
It started out getting hot after only a few months.
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile.
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life.
Everything is falling apart internally and externally.
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down.
It is very well built.
I look forward to years of use, it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well.
And I'm still paying the bloody financing, for a product which didn't last me at least three years !
Even if Apple replaces whatever needs replacing I wonder if, since I seem to be doubling the amount of time I get out of it each time it's "like new," I might have 8 months next time.
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.
Dell Latitude d620 is not a reliable machine.
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it.
It seems that this computer might be a lemon.
But if you buy this i would highly recommend that you buy a case and screen protector for this machine as they are known to be quite fragile.
All the sturdy and substantial feel you expect from a Thinkpad.
Outstanding laptop and very well built.
Feels like solid state.
This laptop is a complete cheap junk.
By just looking at it you will realize it's crap.
The case is made from cheap plastic.
It is very, very quiet.
It was too cheaply constructed.
This product was DOA.
Pretty premium feel for the low price.
I should have waited to find a higher quality computer.
excellent item, shipped on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for gaming
Overall build quality is cheap.
I am also glad it doesnt get too hot when left on for an extended period of time.
A masterpiece of crap.
not durable .
They have held up well not just in our sales department, but also in our service department where they are exposed to dust, exhaust, grease, oil, and all manner of other non-computer-friendly substances.
GENERAL, a quality laptop.
Apple is unrivaled in terms of build quality and functionality.
Overall, a high quality laptop and a great value considering all this computer has to offer.
Maybe this one is just a dud.
very poor quality lap top....
works good but doesn't seem like it's made sturdy.
kinda to light and plastic feeling.
Look and feel is good.
A good value on a quality product.
LOOKS LIKE THIS DELL IS A PIECE OF CRAP.
IT DOES NOT TURN ON - IF I TAKE THE BATTERY OUT IT MIGHT WORK, NOT SURE IF IT'S A BAD BATTERY OR COMPUTER!
The computer itself runs very quiet and is mostly cool to the touch.
Sound, quality and touchscreen are awesome!
My favorite colors black and red, the matte material and the red backlight of the keyboard.
Device is light weight, quiet during operation and produces little to no heat.
I AM IMPRESSED WITH THIS COMPUTER, INEXPENSIVE BUT QUALITY.
The cover is a soft rubber texture without the friction.
It is quiet runs smoothly.
it stopped working 31 days after purchase.
CRASHED only 2 days from getting it!!!!
The plastic materials are rather cheap.
The build is perfect, the screen fantastic, but I do have a bit of a problem with the fact that I have to buy adaptors for nearly everything, from vga cables to ethernet cables, so, almost perfect...
Machine gets fairly hot near the bottom of the screen.
Biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased.
This clunker however stopped working after only two weeks of having it delivered.
The second one, after a little over a month, refused to turn on even with a full charge.
What a lemon!!
I've had it for a minth and so far it's shut down completely 3 times.
The laptop died two days after I received it.
The hinges on this PC are nice and tight and well made like the rest of the PC.
I was surprised  at  the overall quality and the price
This laptop broke within the first hour of use.
Also, after restarting the laptop it constantly made high pitched electronic noises.
I'm sure I just got a bad egg, but instead of getting a replacement I decided to try a different one.
It doesn't get heated up much even after continuous usage.
So far I haven't lost any quality or information.
But other than that, I really am loving the quality and speed.
Computer was DOA.
Turned it on and it was beeping.
Looks good , well built, and very good speed.
The screen is good, the whole things is very light and doesn't run hot.
It came with no instruction book - no back up CD's and has already crashed.
Retina screen, solid build quality, weight, fast processor and the reliability of the Apple brand.
Now the graphics are not HD...and the reason that it is light is that it is really basic (medium low grade) plastic.
So if you don't have kids, or not in high school or don't accidently sit on it, it should be fine.
used 6 times black screen returned for refund
I would recommend it, for anybody needing a reliable simple laptop.
I bought my Macbook Pro in October of 2012 and 2 years later it still works as flawless as ever!
Overall, a solid laptop for its price.
It certainly looks nice, but that nice dark blue top is a fingerprint magnet as others have pointed out.
Within a day of usage, it already slowed down significantly, virus entered the system right away.
My Apple mac book pro has crashed three times, since I purchased it.
I believe this MacBook Pro was a lemon right out the gate.
It runs just as fast as the day we got it with no problems!
We don't have to de-frag, deliete cookies, run security programs, or any of the common PC problems that have to be delt with in order to keep you running and up to speed.
You can't get a virus on Mac, so in the long run the cost of the Mac is saved by not buying security, and not having to replace your computer every year or two.
- This laptop is so silent, its fans only kick in when the laptop is under heavy load, thanks to the 5th generation Intel core which draws less power,  thus less heat.
The first one arrived and it did not work.
It's portable, reliable, and great for what I use it for.
It's very sturdy.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.
I've been spoiled by the build quality and stability of Macintosh and even this used computer is a gem.
It churns out HD content, runs without many flaws and I've yet to get a virus on a Mac since I started using the platform in the early 1990's.
Sony can eat the cost from the seller on this one while I get my money back for a DEFECTIVE product.
Make sure to only handle this computer with clean hands because the front cover can get oily pretty fast.
Macs hardly ever get viruses, and they are completely incompatible with existing Microsoft Windows Viruses.
It makes the MBP very durable and protects it from scratches, though you shouldn't go launching it against a wall for the sake of trying it.
He received it, and one day later it DIES.
Of course, it DIES 3 days past the return window.
We got two days of operation from this laptop.
First, when I move the screen to put it in tablet position, the hinge doesn't seem totally solid.
Three years ago I had purchased this bad boy and it still runs great!
3. No anti spyware needed, never had a virus and I never will
4. build solid and durable
This laptop will last you a half decade if not a full decade.
Soon I will be hitting the 5 year mark and I think this thing can make it another 5 in my opinion.
If you are looking for a light, durable, and extremely effecient laptop, buy this one!
Its simplicity is one of the things that makes it so great, aside from its quality design and sexy looks.
Also, the laptop is quite, no more burnt laps, best screen display, and small additions like backlit keyboard wins your heart over.
Only thing I dislike is that everything for Mac is expensive but I guess you pay for quality!
Durability: My computer has fallen from small heights and has had a few spills on it, but has had no lasting damage to the console with only a light plastic case on it.
It feels very well built.
The metal is very expensive feeling.
I received a dud and have had nothing but problems since right after I purchased this horrible machine.
They have now basically replaced everything inside my machine, told me there was a problem with the hardware, so I now have a &amp;#34;refurbished&amp;#34; machine.
I had delusions of grandeur regarding Apple's &amp;#34;great customer service&amp;#34; and the &amp;#34;reliability of their machines&amp;#34; etc.. etc...blah...blah...
I am happy with the feel the speed and the seamless transition to the MAC!
This Mac will last longer than any other simply because it is the easiest to upgrade and repair.
TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive.
This machine has made me go there 5 times and has been nothing but a continuous problem.
(It's a lemon).
Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.
I've had it for more than a year, and I've found that no anti-virus software is needed, as long as you don't download anything without being 100% sure that it's from a legitimate source.
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT.
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school, I had a hard time from beginning.
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.
This computer is really fast and I'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to...
I've only had mine a day but I'm already used to it...
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
I'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
It is easy to use and lightweight.
Easy learning curve.
It is so much easier to use
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
Simple to use, and great graphics.
It was secure and easy to navigate.
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
The laptop was very easy to set up.
Everything was so easy.
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary Product Key.
Obviously, this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way.
It is super easy to use.
All you have to do is turn it on and it works.
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.
I had a USB connect but, i can't use it because it is not compatible.
That's the downside for me.
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs.
Couldnt not use it.
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.
Registration/1st use is easy.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
The ease of set up was terrific.
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever.
I have used PC's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy.
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all.
It is so simple to use, I use it more than my desktop.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
I've tried going back to XL but there still problems.
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
i love to use it it is esay and light.
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
That includes transferring my music and movies.
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.
Everything about this computer is easy to use.
Memory is upgradable.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
It was very easy to just pick up and use--
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
In my line of work, I often have to take work home, and this makes it so easy.
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.
I let my friend borrow it, and she knows nothing about computers, and she used it with ease.
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it.
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that.
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture.
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.
It is the easiest computer I have ever used
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.
This laptop rocks (only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple doesn't support)!
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier.
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs, clean cookies, and delete unused files.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
I can't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print.
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to.
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC.
I was not aware that this product cannot display websites that contain Flash.
I couldn't even install linux on it.
Was easy to set up and has been easy to learn to use it.
It's easy to operate and it's very light (my parents are almost 60 yo, they can't carry a heavy computer while traveling).
Nice and light, seems to help your work instead of becoming work itself.
It's light and easy to use, though.
Supper east to use.
The New Macbook pro working, good user experience, fast speed, faster start up time.
It has a wide screen and it's easy to use.
The Lenovo software that comes preinstalled may qualify as bloatware but is easily removed if you're not interested in it.
Bigger screen than expected, laptop with a desktop design that is really nice to use for all types of usage, including programming/editing
The pair allow for seamless navigation throughout the whole interface.
fast easy
It is slow and complicated and very disappointing
Speed is great, easy to set up and get going.
It is very difficult to use this computer.
Too many steps to get anywhere and hard to set up
Easy setup, and delivers all the functions we need.
I even installed a windows partition to be able to run Windows software.
Things just work, they are fluid, easy to use and understand, fast and work well.
I'm also not a fan of Windows 8, but fortunately I can install whatever I want on the laptop without issue.
Great laptop light and very versatile
it was easy to set up.
LOVE THE SIZE, I AM USING THIS FOR WORK, I AM A NURSE AND HAVE TO CHART DAILY, THIS IS EASY TO USE AND I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT.
The machine is easy to use, has the power it needs for personal use and some light professional work.
My laptop was easy to set-up, and I've had no problems to date.
So to communicate I need to wear ear plugs or a headset with a built-in mike.
That's a nuisance for family Skype calls...only one can speak at a time.
However, it does not have a DVD drive, neither does it afford one the opportunity to connect an external DVD drive as the manufacturer did not make any point ofconnection of an external drive.
The build is perfect, the screen fantastic, but I do have a bit of a problem with the fact that I have to buy adaptors for nearly everything, from vga cables to ethernet cables, so, almost perfect...
Battery power laptop had difficulties computing.
It's been a very easy transition moving my Windows created files over to the Mac.
Also, when you try to download a large file, like a video, it will start out normally, downloading at around 600kb/sec and over the course of a couple of minutes will slow waaaaaay down to around 20kb/sec, making a download of a couple minutes into several hours making it worthless.
I was unable to download iTunes to it.
Cons:Honestly zero con's ... as a Windows PC user the switch over was seamlessly,  I run Parallel when I need Windows.
All my devices work flawlessly.
impossible to use.
cant even read properly.
Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.
I can use it as a tablet,as a laptop, as whatever I want to!
The snappy processor allows for me to quickly upload photos and videos, as well as create movies for me and my colleagues to enjoy.
because it is a touch screen you don't even need a mouse.
Lastly, because it can flip 360 you can comfortably lay down in bed and have the keyboard facing down as you watch a show closer without having to adjust your sitting position for the keyboard.
This MBP is clean, neat, and simple.
Not a big deal for me, but if you Skype a lot or are gaming a regular headphone set with a separate jack for the headphone sound and microphone input will not work on a Mac.
Blends in with any accessory you use with it.
Very quick to get it up and running with a minimum setup time right after you open the box.
I find it hard to navigate from screen to screen.
This Mac allows all of that.
It fast and easy to set up.
I had cloned my data from my old computer using  Carbon Copy Cloner (CCC) and simply moved everything to the new computer  and was off and running at speeds I had only dreamed up before.
The MacBook pro already understands how to jump through hoops and acts more like a friendly guide.
This computer is amazing for the individual who does not want to do any extra work via their understanding of their laptop.
Positives:  - No matter what position, this laptop will stay in it.
2-in-1 Capability- The ease of switching this laptop into a tablet is a huge plus.
I love the flexibility of being able to fold it over like a tent and watch movies, without having the keyboard in the way of things.
Also, if after reading some reviews and doing some research I found out that this laptop is easily upgradable and easy to work on which is another big plus.
Machine is flying and with parallels desktop 8 I have my old PC notebook completely functional on my MBP.
Way to go and enjoy both worlds.
I immediately did the Windows 10 upgrade and haven't had any issues.
When the MacBook Pro arrived, I helped her transfer all of her schoolwork from the PC to the Mac... an easy drag-and-drop process utilizing a flash drive.
So I simply pulled one 2GB stick from the machine and installed the 8GB stick in its place.
3. Cannot manually take battery out, unless you work for apple or have the tools
The laptop is so easy to work with.
Like it was designed for what people would want to the system to do, very user-friendly.
Its simplicity is one of the things that makes it so great, aside from its quality design and sexy looks.
Be sure the programs you need will work on a MAC before you buy one!
Usability: The MacBook Pro is very easy to use and can be used by someone who doesn't necessarily have extensive knowledge on computers.
o It is extremely user friendly.
o Others have problems with the applications depending what they need to use the device for, for example engineering majors need extra applications &amp; systems to do some work, but they are easily downloadable.
Power on - good luck finding it.
The simple look of icons and format makes it easy to navigate through programs and download files.
Replacing the harddrive in this laptop is extremely easy, a couple screws on the back to remove the backplate and the harddrive is pretty much plug and play.
I am happy with the feel the speed and the seamless transition to the MAC!
I'm no power user, but I have had no learning curve with the MAC and I don't do anything geeky enough forcing me to learn the OS.
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.
This Mac will last longer than any other simply because it is the easiest to upgrade and repair.
Hard drives can be replaced, RAM can be added as needed, and the internal battery can be replaced after losing its ability to hold a charge.
Opening photoshop takes FOooooooRRREVER, as do all programs that do not begin with an 'i'.
I can almost always fix that quickly by clicking on the 'Show all bookmarks' icon (the open book icon at the upper left).
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device.
This computer I used daily nice compact design.
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.
I plugged it into my existing printers and it just worked, no fuss no muss.
It immediately recognized the printer and was ready to go.
Yet, HP won't do anything about the problem.
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months.
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem.
Well, they don't care a bunch.
But, at the same time they (the company) would not and could not do anything about my problem.
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later.
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person!
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up!
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4+ people to report the damaged part will be returned late!
Acer won't replace the laptop.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem.
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion.
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work.
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed.
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop.
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty.
I cannot be happier with the service or product.
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced it
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba, no help at all.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.
It's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them.
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :)
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told, was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.
English must have been his third or fourth language.
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test, and it was failing.
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me.
After 4 days, being denied 6 times and told off once, I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt.
Then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me.
After they found no other way, they told me to courier it to them(since they don't allow the use of the post office) at my expense, and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it wouldn't be covered.
I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me.
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.
I Contacted HP  about this situation and was given excuses, without results.
They didn't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement.
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.
One of them seems to have worked.
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
When calling Dell for help, reurn, or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it.
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed.
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done.
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in.
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place.
And Toshiba is totally unconcerned.
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter.
We don't Mind and You don't Matter.
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you don't matter.
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.
Just a bunch of idiots who's English as a 5th language is forced at best.
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!)only to get another "HP/Compaq" piece of crap.
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it.
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM.
When I called Toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.
In those three years, I've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily.
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up, not able to connect.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it.
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.
The apple care has never failed me, and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well.
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.
Each time taking about 1 day or so.
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly.
I had to pay for the shipping!
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.
3) Horrible customer support-they lost my laptop for a month-got it back 3 months later
4) Laptop still did not work, blue screen within a week...
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase.
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem.
they have not sent a new one nor called.
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand.
Then to make matters worst, there is noone that they can transfer you to.
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it.
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications.
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it was fixed.
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back.
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.
I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem.
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing.
They would repair one thing, send it back and it would still have the same problem.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT.
I waited and waited and no laptop.
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box.
I waited another month for approval and for them to "BUILD" me a new laptop.
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing.
HP didn't fix it.
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in.
They say sorry out of warranty.
Summary: They played games with me for the warranty period.
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
I had to call Apple 19 times (each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone), and take it to their store for evaluations, and diagnostics, 5 times.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent.
Although my model was listed as recalled, HP denied my claim.
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
No, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION.
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE!!!
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time.
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.
The rep did not even answer my question, I had to ask him, if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he didn't even try to acknowledge my question.
I'm tired of the inept service.
They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer, not  what I've done.
They told me to reprogram the computer, and I didn't need  to do that, and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her  life.
So I called Compaq, and after being on the phone for 3 hours, i finally got a replacement which I shouldn't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty.
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
They were excellent to handle our return and post our refund back into our account the next day.
Dealing with HP support is a ridiculous and painful experience.
I have spent more than 2.5 hours on the phone with them (over 4 different calls), only to get no where.
Now I'm looking into the return process, which I'm sure will just be loads of fun, if my prior experience is any indication.
Dell support was awful to deal with.
Each time, Apple can only uninstall to original factory settings for me to start over.
They were great.
It took 3 days to make an appointment at the local Apple store.
I'm not sure what happened next but she came back home crying with a piece of paper in her hand $129 for a new battery, $39 to replace it and $139 for a new keyboard.
I could not believe they did not consider the battery as defective so I went to the Apple store myself and asked for a manager.
He explained to me the battery expansion is 'normal'.
Apple doesn't cover battery expansion under any circumstances not even under their Apple Care.
The battery is simply considered 'consumable' and NOT covered.
I asked the manager if he feels comfortable with me posting the picture of the MacBook Air on the internet with the description that Apple doesn't consider the product defective.
His reply astonished me, looking down at me behind his thick glasses he said: 'Make sure you have your facts straight before you smear!
He didn't specify who are 'they' but from the tone of his voice and his 6'5' posture it indicated something between the SWAT team and a bunch of LAWYERS.
My laptop was under coverage but when I gave it to them for repairs, they quoted me $755 for it.
If I were to have any technical difficulties, the local apple and contact line were able to help me asap, it was quite impressive.
Pros:  o It usually runs very smoothly, but Apple has an excellent support team that is always willing to help customers.
And apple was happy to install the latest osx for free!
The online customer service was awful.
Gave me the runaround for an entire day and treated me like an imbecile.
No one would ever answer my question as to why I couldn't get another new Macbook since this was clearly a factory error and my Macbook was still under warranty.
As a matter of fact, no matter how many times I asked that question, the employees I spoke purposely ignored it.
They didn't say yes and they didn't say no, they just pretended that I never asked it, which was incredibly frustrating.
I've been to the &amp;#34;genius&amp;#34; bar several times (they have been very nice).
I had delusions of grandeur regarding Apple's &amp;#34;great customer service&amp;#34; and the &amp;#34;reliability of their machines&amp;#34; etc.. etc...blah...blah...
I'm sure most people's Macbooks work just fine, but FYI, if you get the factory dud, you're stuck with it and no one at Apple cares or will give a hoot about the money you threw away.
They did not replace the motherboard.
Instead they 'tightened' a loose wire.
It also has a big new scratch on the top cover.
I started it up and it still has the same problem I went in to fix.
So I'm going back to Genius Bar for visit #6.
I think it may have to be 'Apple Don't Care' instead of Apple Care.
They tried to tell me that the battery wasn't covered by the warranty and it costs about $150 to replace.
HP was NO help.
The disks I made wouldn't work.....HP support stated &quot;we're a hardware company, not a software company.&quot;
And Toshiba is a quality supplier.
